1. “ Inevitably, if we are to grow and change as adults, we must gradually learn to confront the challenges, paradoxes, problems and painful reality of an insecure world.” — James P. Krehbiel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2. “(The subjects of What Should I Do With The Rest Of My Life) "have convinced me that past failing can as easily prove preparatory as predictive. Age does not of itself limit on enable us. The choice is ours.” — Bruce Frankel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
3. “. Many great things await you in the future, and with your wisdom life will be a game you skillfully manoeuvre.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
4. “... Perspective is everything.That is, when you can break apart something, or look at it from a new angle, it loses its power over you.” — Ryan Holiday｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
5. “...one cannot but wonder how an environment can make people despair and sit idle and then, by changing the conditions, one can transform the same people into matchless performers.” — Muhammad Yunus｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
6. “...prizes are nothing. My prize is my work.” — Katharine Hepburn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
7. “...she doesn't have to choose between being gentle or being fierce. Both exist in nature and both exist in her. That's ok. She'll know to nourish them both and when applicable, use each unapologetically.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
8. “..your ambition is your beauty,” — Ramita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
9. “12--Lose Battles, But Win The War: Grand StrategyGrand strategy is the art of looking beyond the present battle and calculating ahead. Focus on your ultimate goal and plot to reach it.” — Robert Greene｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
10. “7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name.2. Express sincere gratitude.3. Do more listening than talking.4. Talk more about them than about you.5. Be authentically interested.6. Be sincere in your praise.7. Show you care.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
11. “A barrier is a limitation only when you perceive it as one.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
12. “A combination of minutes makes one’s lifetime. Make sure that none of those counts as wasted time.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
13. “A cord that remains, always. in many ways...” — Santosh Avvannavar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
14. “A crisis which can be distractive, can turn out to be constructive.” — Shaneen Clarke｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
15. “A crush for whom I’m saving my first kiss.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
16. “A delicious meal needs pepper and salt, but if they dominate, the meal is ruined.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
17. “A disease is not defined by the complete and permanent lack of EASE. It is just a phase of DIS-rupted ease that departs with the return of hope and positivity.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
18. “A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.” — Dennis Waitley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
19. “A failure is always in the passenger seat in his or her life.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
20. “A full heart can enrich your life in ways that a full wallet cannot. Money can only satisfy your needs, but love can fulfill your desires. Love is the true wealth that money cannot buy.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
21. “A gentleman is someone who does not what he wants to do, but what he should do.” — Haruki Murakami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
22. “A gigantic tree begins with an invisible seed.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
23. “A good Athlete may not be a good Coach, likewise, a good Coach may not be a good Athlete” — Dido Stargaze｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
24. “A good self-esteem level is mostly dependant on how we value ourselves without any bias.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
25. “A healthy dose of pain and discomfort is required to balance out all the highs of live embrace the challenge!” — Mohamadi Tapsoba｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
26. “A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.” — Suzy Kassem｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
27. “A life well-lived is a testament to simplicity, where peace of mind flourishes, expectations diminish, and the soul finds solace in the gentle rhythm of simplicity.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
28. “A life without regret can be attained by full awareness of one's actions in their present moment.” — Michelle D. Rosado｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
29. “A man is protected by his prayers.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
30. “A man long enough sedated may no longer even realize he’s being sedated, or want to.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
31. “A man may not know misery, if he delights himself in music.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
32. “A man on fire is a man of faith.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
33. “A man who has come to the full realization of his responsibility to men won't stick to one man. It will be foolhardy if he does that.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
34. “A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
35. “A mistake that makes you humble is better than an achievement that makes you arrogant.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
36. “A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
37. “A queen of a magnificent typeAn angel from a mysterious time The iron lady escaped all the hype She made every moment her prime” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
38. “A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.” — Anthony Robbins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
39. “A reservoir of strength exists deep within me, waiting to be tapped when life's challenges arise.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
40. “A running theme. There are no rules.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
41. “A story meant to motivate all and sundry irrespective of their circumstances” — Santosh Avvannavar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
42. “A strong, positive culture holds us accountable for taking responsibility and finding solutions.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
43. “A successful man is the one who does more of all he does in other to service humanity” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
44. “A thriving future demands that we prioritize sustainability and embrace eco-friendly practices in every aspect of our lives.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
45. “A true beggar is unable to discover his true wealth.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
46. “A true hero expects no reward.” — Saim .A. Cheeda｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
47. “A true winner doesn't need alarms to wake up!” — Tabin Reyaz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
48. “A warrior sharpens his blade even in times of peace.” — Hamza Ahmed｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
49. “A wise person keeps the faith and remains hopeful despite the dissemination of stupidity that surrounds them.” — Lisa Young-Sutton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
50. “A woman in labor never asks, “Why me?” because she knows both the cause of her suffering and its effect, and that sense of reason and purpose gives her the capacity to endure it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
51. “ADHD is a challenge, not a curse. Find your strengths and let them shine.” — Jackie McShannon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
52. “Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.” — Lou Holtz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
53. “Above all, leaders are talent coordinators. Find the talent, foster talent and fit the individual talent to create a dynamic team” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
54. “Accept hardship as a necessary discipline.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
55. “Accept your greatness; you have tremendous things to achieve that will leave you gracious.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
56. “Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
57. “Achieving goals doesn't have to be hard - be gentle with yourself, focus on progress, not perfection, and keep the faith.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
58. “Achieving something in life brings great joy and happiness.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
59. “Achieving sustainable success isn't just about working hard; it's about working smart too! High-performance habits can really make a difference!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
60. “Act as if it was, and it will be.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
61. “Action is precious than plentiful words.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
62. “Action is the universal language of success.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
63. “Action-oriented thinking leads to lasting change - set yourself up for success by committing to executing your plans with purpose.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
64. “Actions are the seed of destiny.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
65. “Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.” — Brajesh Kumar Singh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
66. “Adventure awaits those who seek it with an open heart.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
67. “Adversity reveals our true strength and resilience. Embrace it as a catalyst for growth.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
68. “Aimlessly working towards progression will not get you far.” — Arian Adeli Koodehi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
69. “Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do,Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb.Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer,Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
70. “Ali, pre ili kasnije, i u najiscrpljenijim telima mora se skupiti nova snaga, kao što i najveći krčag mora biti do vrha ispunjen kišnicom, ukoliko pljusak dovoljno dugo potraje.” — Vladimir Lenski｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
71. “Align your ambitions with purpose. Chase goals that ignite your motivation, drive, and satisfaction. Let your journey be nothing short of amazing!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
72. “Align yourself with people that you can learn from, people who want more out of life, people who are stretching and searching and seeking some higher ground in life.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
73. “All around us, everyday heroes have overcome many things in their lives. Someone's story could be a source of inspiration for you and make you feel motivated.” — Noah William Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
74. “All existing paths have a creator. Be the creator of your own path.” — Rhouveyzz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
75. “All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
76. “All inanimate objects, things, and living bodies in this universe go through the cycle of inception, maintenance, and dissolution.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
77. “All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.” — Henry David Thoreau｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
78. “All peace ends from talking about others. All peace starts from stop talking about others. So choose peace.” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
79. “All possibilities remain within grasp when you dance upon the stage of life.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
80. “All work and no play will make you sad and grey!” — Habeeb Akande｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
81. “All worries are less with wine.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
82. “All your stress is not from others - it's just from your Thoughts.” — Tamil Desiyam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
83. “Allow love to rule your life. Welcome more love into your relationships, your dealings with others and your sense of identity, which will shower you in unexplainable peace and serenity.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
84. “Allow yourself the grace to change your mind, goals, and perspective whenever you feel called to.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
85. “Allow yourself to be carried towards new beginnings by letting go of things that no longer serve you, like leaves withering in the wind.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
86. “Along our chosen paths, we all meet up with demons. We must meet them, and battle them, even when they are nothing but mist in the night.” — Heather Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
87. “Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, is capable of showing the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it as a priority” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
88. “Although the moon appears alone in the sky, it shines brightly enough to light up the darkest of nights and guide us on our way.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
89. “Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
90. “Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
91. “Always have a 'Plan C” — Zoltan Andrejkovics｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
92. “Always keep your head held high.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
93. “Always make your future bigger than your past.” — Dan Sullivan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
94. “Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.” — Victoria Addino｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
95. “Ambivalence is one of the biggest enemies of change. If you aren't sure that you really want to take action on something such as your weight, ambivalence will usually win.” — Linda Spangle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
96. “Amidst the storms of life, I find solace in a place where your love endures.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
97. “An Archer must never lose focus. If the world bends Archer. It is in within in contemplation we soar the sky ~” — Patricio telman chincocolo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
98. “An act of kindness is a ripple that can create a wave of hope, touching the lives of countless others.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
99. “An alignment crisis happens when we remain chronically misaligned with our purpose.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
100. “An employee's motivation is a direct result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.” — Bob Nelson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
101. “An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
102. “An entrepreneur sees reward, not risk!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
103. “An essential part of figuring out who you are is taking your eyes off yourself and seeing everything that is not you.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
104. “An honest life starts with an honest assessment of self. You are neither worthless nor preeminent but somewhere in between.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
105. “An honest person never gets tired of helping others for a long time, but the same person feels tired at the very beginning of hurting others.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
106. “An idea upon which attention is peculiarly concentrated is an idea which tends to realize itself.” — Charles Baudouin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
107. “Analyze like a scientist, plot like a politician, execute like a soldier.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
108. “And in that glorious burst of energy and speed, Ceridwen whispered the word once more. Onward. Fate. Battle cry. And occasionally, a prayer.” — Gillian Bronte Adams｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
109. “Anxiety and depression cannot be easily treated if the sufferer has unpredictable daily routines.” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
110. “Anxiety finds its roots in our relentless desire to hold the reins of the future, not in the uncertainty it holds.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
111. “Anxiety is never your fault. Neither is it an innate part of who you are. Change is possible.” — Chloe Brotheridge｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
112. “Any intensely lived emotion simply liberates us from those very emotions.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
113. “Any new life skill is worthy learning as you do not have an idea when it will make a big difference.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
114. “Anyone can become great in life as long as they stop focusing on what they do not have and build on what they do have until their greatness is manifest.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
115. “Anyone can nurture of myth about their life if they have enough manure, so if the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, that's probably because it's full of shit.” — Fredrick Backman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
116. “Anything which is physically possible can always be made financially possible; money is a bugaboo of small minds.” — Robert A. Heinlein｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
117. “Anytime you're afraid to try something new...just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.” — Drake｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
118. “Appreciate the lessons brought to you by the courtesy of life. Some came through sweat and blood, but significant for your path.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
119. “Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
120. “As God moves us into a new year, normalize doing your own thing regardless of what anyone says or thinks. Mind your business and become great at it. Lastly, stop being accessible to everyone, you will find peace within.” — Sabrina Newby｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
121. “As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn’t feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.” — Forrest Curran｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
122. “As I stood there watching the mists softly rise, I wondered what vista could be more beautiful than this. The dense mist obscured visibility at times. The wind howled and roared as it swept through." - Shree Shambav” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
123. “As a leader, my job as a CEO is Culture + Excellence Officer. My team are proffessionals, they know their job. I just maintain culture and drive excellence.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
124. “As a service excellence provider, I always think about how to turn a customer's pain point into brownie points. Never underestimate the power of any customer transaction” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
125. “As a working rule, no matter what language you are learning, you can assume that the language will have some way of expressing the meaning that you want to communicate. The trick, of course, is to find out how.” — Chris Lonsdale｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
126. “As flowers wither and fall, we all have setbacks and bad days, but trust the process and you'll start bearing fruit.” — Regitze S. Fuglsang｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
127. “As long as you remain consistent in taking small steps forward each day, it won't be long before you're powering through projects with greater success than ever before!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
128. “As one thinks about the objects of the senses, one becomes attached to them. Attachment comes before desire, and desire comes before anger.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
129. “As the night unfolds its cosmic spectacle, the moon stands in wonder, witnessing the graceful dance of stars upon the expansive canvas of the infinite blue ocean.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
130. “As with all daring and successful men the tricks and devices of his subconscious nature were much more formidable than his rational schemes; and so by a sort of automatic protective instinct he kept them subconscious.” — John Cowper Powys｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
131. “Astuteness is consistently cautious, warning, ‘Be careful,’ whereas love says, ‘Goodness, don’t bother!’ ‘Dive in!” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
132. “At dawn, let your heart take flight in gratitude, soaring through the day on the wings of love.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
133. “At school, new ideas are thrust at you every day. Out in the world, you'll have to find your inner motivation to seek for new ideas on your own.” — Bill Watterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
134. “At the end of the day, no religion, no border, no philosophy can separate all of us. We are humans!” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
135. “At times what you expect and what happens don’t match. The faster you accept and adapt to what happened & work towards creating what you believed, that what you expected gets created in a whole new way..!” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
136. “Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
137. “Avoid is the only thing which helps to regain yourselves” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
138. “Avoid to quit before starting.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
139. “BLACK SHEEP - A HAIKUMidst a starlit dance,The moon emerges alone,Thus she steals the show.” — Amogh Swamy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
140. “Be a dewdrop and spread happiness in the lives of others because life is too short to waste time thinking you cannot!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
141. “Be a light of your own darkness, bloom with immense light within to surpass all obstacles in life...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
142. “Be a rose that gives fragrance of overwhelming happiness not a thorn that pricks unexpectedly.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
143. “Be an influencer to avoid being influenced that will measure your strength.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
144. “Be as successful as a Smith.” — Gregory C Dugger｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
145. “Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
146. “Be careful where you spend your time. Be careful what you allow your soul to be exposed to. The difference is palpable. You have a choice, and if you don't, create one” — Indirah  Ambrose｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
147. “Be content with your uniqueness in this world and live a life of happiness.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
148. “Be creative enough to dream, brave enough to try, persistent enough to succeed, and humble enough to thank those who helped you along the way.” — Elizabeth Parker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
149. “Be good to yourself and others. When you do that, you will be able to make a difference in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
150. “Be grateful for pain. Don’t ignore it or deny it. Don’t anesthetize yourself from it. Swallow it and make it a part of you.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
151. “Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
152. “Be humble and be kind for then it is your life that will yield happiness in abundance.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
153. “Be kind, be happy and be wise. Refuse to be anyone’s playground in life. Embrace happiness wherever you are.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
154. “Be light, to get fly..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
155. “Be motivated by igniting thought into acton” — Leo Lourdes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
156. “Be patient and gentle with yourself. Some days will be tougher than others.” — Jackie McShannon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
157. “Be proud and stand tall; Ain't no one living your life.” — Wazim Shaw｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
158. “Be proud of the work you are skilled at because no task is small and no job isn’t enough, every seed sown is a blessing for each one of us.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
159. “Be ready to adjust in life because it can get bumpy at any time.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
160. “Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you,Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.” — John Boyle O'Reilly｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
161. “Be the cactus, a proof of unsubmission, and blossom amidst the fiercest environment.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
162. “Be the change, then lead the change.” — Sati Siroda｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
163. “Be the positive impact on the lives of others.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
164. “Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
165. “Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.” — E.A. Bucchianeri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
166. “Be your own armor,Be your motivator.Your are the tideof impossible light,You are your carburetor.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
167. “Bearing crisis upon crisis, we shall rise as creator.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
168. “Beautiful are dance styles, like counting the eternal, limitless stars.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
169. “Beauty is not in the face, its the reflection of your Soul that will never change nor fade” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
170. “Beauty makeup artist not make you beautiful the thing is it add on how you look cause sometimes you wear it and become opposite direction instead of people looking you beautiful see different person in it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
171. “Beauty rises ...from a place of tenderness...for it is what pushes a human.... to be humane....” — Jayita Bhattacharjee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
172. “Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
173. “Before you wake up, your seriousness that never lets you sleep peacefully, starts building up your strengths with your efforts after you wake up.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
174. “Begin each day by saying a positive affirmation in the mirror.” — Asa Don Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
175. “Begin making decisions that align more with your future self.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
176. “Behaviour is your character in action” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
177. “Behind every triumph there's a thousand tragedies.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
178. “Being Nerdy is so close to being awesome sometimes” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
179. “Being a candle is difficult because one must first burn in order to emit light.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
180. “Being able to Read and Write is a massive Blessing Bestowed upon us, use it to help those who cannot!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
181. “Being alone, helps you, find you.” — Steve Zeiger｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
182. “Being busy is easy, but being productive takes intention.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
183. “Being in a toxic relationship is a drug, and it needs to be treated like any other drug.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
184. “Being in home is like magic moments, in a magic world, among maicians” — Durgesh Satpathy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
185. “Being indecisive can hold you back. It's like chains that keep you from moving forward and growing. It's all fueled by fear, stopping you from taking those crucial steps towards progress.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
186. “Being original rescue you on being hunted to reveal your reality.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
187. “Belief that you can act is a powerful motivator. Belief that change can happen in a flash is an even stronger motivator.” — Raoul Davis Jr.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
188. “Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
189. “Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
190. “Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
191. “Believe in yourself and make it happen — greatness is achieved when you refuse to take no for an answer.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
192. “Believe in yourself that you can and you will! As there are no limits to what we as women can achieve.” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
193. “Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.” — Dr Roopleen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
194. “Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
195. “Believing you can’t find good people is like saying you can’t grow your business.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
196. “Berani tanpa disertai kesabaran akan membunuh anda.Ambisius tanpa kesabaran dapat memusnahkan karier yang paling menjanjikan.Berjuang meraih harta tanpa kesabaran akan mengamblaskan milik yang sudah ada.” — Og Mandino｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
197. “Best Way to Stay Happy is to be busy.” — Dipika Agarwal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
198. “Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
199. “Blessings! Count them and be thankful. Ask for an abundance of them and accept with gratitude.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
200. “Body is the temple, soul is god rest are perceptions.” — Dr. Abhimanyu Kumawat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
201. “Boost your productivity by focusing on the tasks that truly matter, working with intentionality and purpose, and continuously seeking new ways to optimize your workflow.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
202. “Brahma Yoga enables me to incorporate habits into my own personalized ritual, and through reflection, empowers me to enrich my life” — Leo Lourdes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
203. “Brain endeavours to import knowledge and export ideas when fed with motivation and supplemented further, with a meaningful purpose.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
204. “Brainstorming cannot be done until and unless an attitude becomes character” — Hari krishnan Nair｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
205. “Bravery without sword is like slavery without lord.” — Deepak Kripal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
206. “Broken from inside. Cant be joined from outside.” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
207. “Build an empire and make it a brand.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
208. “Bukan seberapa lama umat manusia bisa bertahan hidup sebagai ukuran kebahagiaan, tapi seberapa besar kemampuan mereka memeluk erat-erat semua hal menyakitkan yang mereka alami.” — Tere Liye｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
209. “Bukan semua salah itu adalah salah dan bukan semua betul itu adalah betul. kita takkan selalu salah dan akan disalahkan dan kita juga tak akan selalu betul dan kita boleh diperbetulkan” — Ezza Mysara｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
210. “Burn so bright, that the haters go blind.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
211. “Burnout is real. If you want success without the hustle and grind, plan for breaks and set boundaries for yourself.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
212. “Burnout prevention starts with YOU. Invest in your happiness & well-being for a better tomorrow.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
213. “Business is about putting you into action.”I was watching X-Factor auditioning and one of the contestants was engulfed in performing his lyrics, it did done on me that business is about putting you into action.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
214. “Business superheroes are strong, courageous and persevering, but still can’t make big and complex things happen successfully on their own.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
215. “Businesses have to stop thinking like a companies or corporations, we have to start thinking like customers. People is always the purpose for our business” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
216. “Busy bees make honey, but productive bees make a hive. Don't just buzz around; create something that lasts.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
217. “But there is value in telling a story from the perspective of the mundane, from the real perspective that many of us are in for most of our lives.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
218. “By becoming my best friend and being comfortable in the quiet, I can retreat any time into my personal sanctuary.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
219. “By being true to yourself and defending what you believe in, you can change the world.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
220. “By overcoming obstacles in practice, you make your learning perfect and by overcoming the hardships you experience in life, you become complete in your life.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
221. “By reaching your goal means Grow to some level and tell show you how brave and strong you're.not give you a permition for being bossy to others.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
222. “By reaching your goal means you grow in some level and show you how well you've done? how strong, brave you're not being bossy and abuse other people rights.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
223. “By sharing your pain with others, you may give them the strength to abuse your wound, but by sharing your pain only with yourself, you gain the strength to overcome the situation” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
224. “By smiling, you automatically feel peace.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
225. “CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!” — Ron Sanders｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
226. “Call me exparagus! From head to toe, toe to head, head to toe; take your time, don't ever rush. Why rush? Time is valuable. Respect your time. Y'know what I'm sayin'?” — D.J. Khaled｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
227. “Can we measure love? Or connection? Or beauty? Or the feeling of being alive?” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
228. “Capture the best moments in life, and overlook the bad ones. Learn to celebrate life while you still have time.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
229. “Carry on, carry on.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
230. “Categorizing yourself by either your victimization or your privilege fails to give any clarity to life’s fundamental question: What are you going to do with it?” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
231. “Celebrate your life and remember that you were given a chance that many aborted babies were denied.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
232. “Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
233. “Change course, but don’t give up.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
234. “Change is the parent of progress.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
235. “Change liberates and change elevates. If you want to live a life where you experience the greatest form of grace, live a life where you embrace change.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
236. “Change might be opportunity, instead of disaster.” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
237. “Change should start with us that will eventually lead to a change in situation and circumstance and not the other way round.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
238. “Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.” — Wayne W. Dyer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
239. “Change the world with your way of life, one day it will change the direction of the people.” — Tehmina Durrani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
240. “Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
241. “Character is when alone and nobody is watching while behavior is when one is in the stage spotlight.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
242. “Children still fly kites from high on the hilltop, shrieking in delight as the nylon floats off toward the sunshine as if it was the most magnificent thrill in the world. All I can think to say, hoping those small boys could hear me, is 'fly on.” — Hollie McKay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
243. “Choice forms the divider which is responsible for the formation of all futures that can be possible.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
244. “Choose any sport or entertainment that stimulates your mind and body. At least, commit to one.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
245. “Choose the right career path and with passion continue working on it...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
246. “Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.” — De philosopher DJ Kyos｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
247. “Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.” — Samuel Lover｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
248. “Civilization is a myth. That is the truth this world has taught us. We have not risen above our baser instincts... That is what always has and always will drive us.” — Robert Kirkman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
249. “Clarity gives you the courage to pursue your dreams and the power to make them a reality — now is the time to get clear on what you want!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
250. “Closeup Clicks are Crazily Cute!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
251. “Comfort is the goal of the man with no vision.” — Craig D. Lounsbrough｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
252. “Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
253. “Coming to the END of MYSELF and all SELF effort...seems to be the very point that God steps in and shows HIMSELF to be more than ENOUGH.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
254. “Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
255. “Communicate confidence in your current self but also a certainty that your future self will know better.” — Arian Adeli Koodehi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
256. “Companies that do not anticipate the conditions of the VUCA world are on a direct path to losing their competitiveness.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
257. “Competitions are for horses, not heroes.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
258. “Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
259. “Confidence isn't a destination — it's a journey, and you have the power to decide which path to take.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
260. “Connections are the threads that weave the tapestry of our existence, and in their gentle care, we find the warmth that makes life’s fabric whole.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
261. “Connectivity is the key to grow your opportunities.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
262. “Consistency is the key to build an empire, be consistent and continue to follow your dreams.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
263. “Consistency is the secret sauce - taking small sometimes messy steps paves the way for bigger achievements in the long run.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
264. “Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
265. “Consistency, not gurus. Discipline, not motivation. Action, not information, is the key.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
266. “Continue going after your dreams because you deserve them; life has many incredible experiences ahead of you. Today's obstacles are tomorrow's victories, and tomorrow's breakthroughs are today's possibilities.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
267. “Continue on doing pedicures detox and treatment as you see it on my blogs out there don’t forget to do manicures on your short hands nails as well that will be extremely gorgeous” — Nozipho N Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
268. “Contribute. Be bold!” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
269. “Control Your Own Destiny or Someone Else Will” — Jack Welch｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
270. “Control leads to compliance; autonomy leads to engagement.” — Daniel H. Pink｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
271. “Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.” — Germany Kent｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
272. “Courage can gift you with immense opportunities; you just need to try and take a leap of faith...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
273. “Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
274. “Courage is not only about finding bravery for ourselves. It is also about helping others find theirs.” — Steve  Pemberton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
275. “Courage is simply the commitment to do the right thing even when it is difficult.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
276. “Courage is taking the first step, even when you don't know what lies ahead; It's about having the inner strength to take a leap of faith, even when you're not sure what's coming next.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
277. “Courageous decisions make the best entrepreneurs, its all about when you decide to start!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
278. “Coz Red is for LOVE and Love is BAE!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
279. “Coz Red is so Dangerously Lovely... U choose...Danger or Love?” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
280. “Crave for transcending or else it will become compulsive.” — Dr. Ronak Kelaiya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
281. “Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
282. “Create some commotion, like ripples in the ocean, shoeless or clueless, dance the dance of life.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
283. “Create something out of nothing. You are a vessel and your vessel is important. But if you don’t treat it like it’s important, then you’re not gonna have what it is you want to have. You’ll always be so close but no cigar.” — Nashanta C. Robinson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
284. “Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
285. “Criticism and hate will always boost your confidence to achieve your goals” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
286. “Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
287. “Dance overwhelms you, as though an entire world moves within you.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
288. “Dance with an energy that makes mountains move to your choreography.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
289. “Dare to be a fool in the face of impossibilities.” — TemitOpe Ibrahim｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
290. “Dare to live completely. I dare you.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
291. “Death is the greatest fear of all living things, even though we all know it is the ultimate truth.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
292. “Deep and clear ideasHave a way of coming true They sense every single clueI always seek to discoverOptions and their subtle bordersI know their kind never accepts orders” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
293. “Deep silence is the soul's language, where words are unnecessary, and the heart speaks the truth.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
294. “Defeat is ninety five percent the condition and attitude of the heart and not the result of the struggle. We are defeated before we even put up the fight, that's why psychological warfare works!” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
295. “Defy these preconceived notions and embrace your inner strength.” — Sara Yahia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
296. “Deliver what others never expected and watch how you climb the ladder of success faster...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
297. “Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.” — Mario Andretti｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
298. “Desire is the key to motivation. It is the key to develop a healthy personality and a positive attitude towards oneself and others.” — Dr. Amit Abraham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
299. “Desires are the materialistic illusions of happiness. Reduce the flame of desire to control your anger.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
300. “Despite everything, it's still you.” — Toby Fox｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
301. “Despite the despair and suffering still on our planet, humanity is moving toward unity, justice, love, and peace.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
302. “Destiny will open the way for people who have hope and determination. Fate will drown people who have no intention, ambition and motivation.” — Titon Rahmawan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
303. “Det är nu som gäller” — Lex Enqvist｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
304. “Determination is the root of success, believing in success will make you unstoppable and your dream will bloom into reality...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
305. “Difficulties only add value to a dream.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
306. “Difficulty is the foundation of growth, which is the foundation of greatness.” — @Mokokoma Mokhonoana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
307. “Discipline is giving yourself a command and following it up with action” — Bob Proctor｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
308. “Discipline may be a tricky but at the end of the day, it's believing that you can achieve your goals and dreams that will get you closer to them.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
309. “Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
310. “Dituntun oleh masa laluku, didorong oleh keberadaanku, aku terbang mencari sesuatu yang tak kuketahui. Antusiasme, rasa ingin tahu, dan harapan menemaniku.” — Samarpan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
311. “Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?"-Morrie” — Mitch Albom｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
312. “Do it to perfection, or not at all.” — Laya Martinez｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
313. “Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
314. “Do my eyes reflect a vibe?” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
315. “Do not abort your mission because some don't support your mission” — Mistah Fab｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
316. “Do not be afraid to start something new and be a beginner/student again.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
317. “Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
318. “Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
319. “Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
320. “Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
321. “Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
322. “Do not limit yourself to things that may lead you to successful path.The self-limiting beliefs will hinder you reaching to your goals. Think once!” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
323. “Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
324. “Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.” — Eleanor Roosevelt｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
325. “Do not take your health for granted, thank God for your well being.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
326. “Do the work with due diligence.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
327. “Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
328. “Do what you think is right. Don't let people make the decision of right or wrong for you.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
329. “Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.” — Patience Johnson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
330. “Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
331. “Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.” — Charlotte Eriksson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
332. “Does Ebui dream of a private grave? People in fancy dress eulogizing, laying down their offerings. Or does she dream past the frontier, a quicksilver cavern to adorn forever?” — Johnny Firic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
333. “Don't be a mediocre standout and be a boss!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
334. “Don't be afraid to go against the grain. It's in the unconventional that greatness often lies.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
335. “Don't be afraid to take that first step and go after what you desire - because believe it or not, it wants you too. You deserve all the good things life has to offer; so go ahead and seize them!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
336. “Don't be in a hurry. Everything arise in the due time.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
337. “Don't be indifferent about any random idea that occurs to you, because each and every idea is for a particular purpose. it may not be beneficial to you, but can be what others are craving for” — Michael Bassey Johnson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
338. “Don't be intimidated by your opponents, be driven by your own strength.” — D.L. Lewis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
339. “Don't be managed by the likelihood of mishaps. Be motivated by the promise of favor!” — Carlos Wallace｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
340. “Don't be one of those people who hates their life but doesn't have the courage to change it.” — Astrid Scholte｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
341. “Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
342. “Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.” — William Faulkner｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
343. “Don't care about ,who laugh on you.. Care about those who caring about you..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
344. “Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
345. “Don't copy.. Make your copyright..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
346. “Don't doubt your dreams.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
347. “Don't doubt your instinct of becoming bigger, follow the intuition and grow in life because intuition guides you to be more assertive and self-dependent...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
348. “Don't doubt your skills improve it, levelling up is the way to go!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
349. “Don't fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.” — Bruce Lee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
350. “Don't feel sad if you don't get which you expected.. Because either it's not yours or its not over..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
351. “Don't forget to have fun! Remember, taking breaks and enjoying yourself will help increase your ability to stay resilient.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
352. “Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
353. “Don't go by my wrinkles. They grew in years I did not.” — Deepak Kripal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
354. “Don't just aim for the Sky, look further into the stars and reach out to the Galaxy!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
355. “Don't just speak for yourself,Be who stands up for somebody else.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
356. “Don't lead a life consumed by triviality. Let others do that.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
357. “Don't let anyone tell you otherwise: your potential is LimitLESS! Stop doubting your potential. Work hard, take small steps and make your dreams a reality.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
358. “Don't let circumstances dictate how your life looks - act like the architect and design the lie that reflects your values and purpose.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
359. “Don't let distractions throw you off your game! Find your flow and make it count.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
360. “Don't let external circumstances dictate your actions. Take charge of your own journey and shape your destiny.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
361. “Don't let fear of failure hold you back. Embrace it as a stepping stone towards success.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
362. “Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.” — Mary Weber｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
363. “Don't let your dreams rust! Listen to your youthful bells ringing loud inside of you.” — Bernard Kelvin Clive｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
364. “Don't play to compete. Play to have fun.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
365. “Don't stop until you get five-finger clarity on your values and beliefs.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
366. “Don't trust on anyone except yourselves” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
367. “Don't try to change, be the changeDon't try to be good, be goodDon't try to be a Buddha, be a BuddhaDon't try to be successful, behave successfully” — Dido Stargaze｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
368. “Don't underestimate the power of seemingly insignificant wins - they have the potential to shift everything.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
369. “Don't wait for opportunities to come knocking on your door. Create your own and make things happen.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
370. “Don't wait for somebody to give you something. You're strong. You're intelligent. Go out and earn it and work for it.” — Deloris Jordan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
371. “Don't wait for the perfect moment; create it through persistent action and unwavering determination.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
372. “Don't worry about being slow, we all fasten up with Confidence!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
373. “Don't worry about drastic changes because it's the small habits you do consistently that will have a lasting impact on your life!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
374. “Don’t be afraid of failure because it prepares you for success!” — Isa Millot｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
375. “Don’t be afraid to restart. It’s an opportunity to start from scratch and create something better.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
376. “Don’t be anxious to move along with your wrinkles. They just indicate that you’ve reached the next level.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
377. “Don’t be depressed about a ‘misfortune,’ because it could be a ‘fortune.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
378. “Don’t fear high expectations; embrace them. Choose to do hard things.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
379. “Don’t forget to collect the memories on your journey. Remember, if you only focus on your destination, you will miss out on the benefits of the journey.” — Tanya R. Liverman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
380. “Don’t give the key of consent to someone unworthy!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
381. “Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people...and guess what? They are as boring as hell...” — Sidney Knight｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
382. “Don’t let fear prevent you from taking action – trust yourself and have the courage to move forward and see what happens.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
383. “Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.” — Dr Roopleen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
384. “Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
385. “Don’t stop yourself to follow your dreams, continue following your dreams, and be someone whom you never expected to be...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
386. “Don’t wait for someone else to make it happen - own your own destiny by becoming a leader in your own life.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
387. “Don’t wait for success to find you. Identify the skills and knowledge you need, pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you surpass your wildest dreams.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
388. “Drama free workplace and ego free team mates are crucial for a healthier workplace” — Narayanan Palani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
389. “Dream big, act bigger — don't let challenges or failures stop you from realizing your ambitions!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
390. “Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
391. “Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
392. “Dreaming is easy, hammering out concrete details is hard.” — Eric Bates｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
393. “Dreams are nothing if not acted upon and turned into reality.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
394. “Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
395. “Dreams require discipline, dedication, and effort to become reality – embrace the challenge of execution and unlock potential like never before!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
396. “Drumul învingătorului e înainte! Chiar dacă ar călca pe cadavre.” — Mihail Drumeş｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
397. “During your lifetime, you should work on at least one such dream project that is worth sacrificing every single comfort you earn or deserve to enjoy.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
398. “Dušo,me mogu bove,ograničiti more.” — Djura Kelj｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
399. “EMBRACE THE NOW” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
400. “Each corpuscle contains the cosmos, each valve is gateway to valor.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
401. “Each corpuscle contains the cosmos,Each valve is gateway to valor.Cada corpúsculo contiene el cosmos,Cada válvula es la puerta al valor.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
402. “Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
403. “Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
404. “Each day is meant to edify you and equip you with the necessary tools for you to reach your destiny.” — Brendon Thutso｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
405. “Each room I enter, every road I walk on, it asks for me, and waits to see whether or not I agreed to it. Did I try? Did I grab the moment? I love these jumps and where they lead.” — Karl Kristian Flores｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
406. “Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
407. “Easy things do not call us to great action, because they are too easy to require great action.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
408. “Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.” — Nathan W. Morris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
409. “Education provides the key, but it's your responsibility to unlock the door to your career” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
410. “Effective corporate culture does not begin with feel-good or happiness management. It starts with awareness, consistency and authenticity at the top of the company.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
411. “Eita. Olha essa fera, bicho! Brincadeira! Quem sabe faz ao vivo e se vira nos trinta. Mais do que nunca, uma fera tanto no pessoal quanto no profissional. Errou. Esta pegando fogo bicho!” — Fausto Silva｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
412. “Embrace failure as a stepping stone towards growth and wisdom. It's a necessary part of the journey.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
413. “Embrace feedback, learn from experiences, and evolve. Our journey to success is a continuous one!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
414. “Embrace integrity and live your life honestly; always knowing who you are and in the dark nights being the star whose light spreads afar.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
415. “Embrace the mindset of 'Be, Do, Have' and break free from limitations. Go for it and create the life you want! Seize the opportunities that come your way.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
416. “Embrace the new way: firm boundaries and selective 'no's. Say goodbye to overextending and sacrificing quality. Say hello to reclaiming your time, energy, and focus on what truly matters.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
417. “Embrace the next version of yourself, make changes that bring transformation, and propel yourself towards success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
418. “Embrace the power of true North decisions. Say goodbye to impulsiveness, fuel your journey with purpose, and let every choice be a stepping stone to an empowered path of growth and success!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
419. “Embrace the present moment, for it holds the power to shape your future.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
420. “Embrace the struggle, for it molds you into the person you are meant to be.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
421. “Embrace the unfolding path of adventure, for it is in those moments that life unveils its true magic.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
422. “Embrace the unknown, for it is where true growth and transformation happen.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
423. “Embrace the unknown, take bold steps forward, and discover the limitless potential that lies within you.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
424. “Embrace your greatness” — Andrew Snorton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
425. “Embrace your own story, light up the dark, conquer your fears - take the journey to your next level, Win the battle against the end._ ” — Niyan S. Dizaye｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
426. “Enemies aren't a drawback to the one who takes notes from them.” — Edward Okaroni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
427. “Energy is the most penetrative force, focus on the main thing and you will climb Everest without a breathing mask.” — Veronica Braila｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
428. “Engage yourself in work so that there is no time for regrets, stay focused on your work, and ignore the negative energy...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
429. “Enjoy every moment with yourself even if your standing alone coz some people won’t even travel half way through in crowds.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
430. “Entrepreneurs who devote themselves with dedication and passion to work 'on' their company and the people working in it create the conditions for sustainable growth and success.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
431. “Envision yourself to be what you want!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
432. “Eternal Light is something that has always existed. The amount of light you receive will depend on your actions.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
433. “Even a zero can make 1 worth more” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
434. “Even good paddy - is punished by being pounded with the pestle to yield rice.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
435. “Even if life had happened the way you wanted, you would still be disgruntled because it is not what happens that makes you content but how you choose to react.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
436. “Even if you admire someone else’s life, do not desire it, for you do not know what they have gone through.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
437. “Even if you have been through a painful past, do not dwell on that. What matters is that you are still alive. Bank on that and make your life count.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
438. “Even if you have the best mentors, you still have to go out and do the work. No one can do life on your behalf.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
439. “Even the mountains bow, but not for self-absorbed snobs. Oceans part making way, only for those not afraid of storms.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
440. “Even though we don’t speak the same language, at this moment, we understand each other.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
441. “Even when the buds cannot bloom, the tree stands firm, patiently awaiting its turn.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
442. “Even when we are mired in despair, unwavering acts of compassion are the lights that guide us back to the surface of hope.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
443. “Eventually, they shrug their shoulders and go away, back to minding their own lives.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
444. “Every OPPORTUNITY as in a coin toss, brings victory or defeat in a 1:1 ratio.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
445. “Every Thick woman say yes on solid and balance shoes sole for a firm legs.” — Nozipho N Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
446. “Every challenge in life is an opportunity to polish your skills.” — Muhammad Salman Rao｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
447. “Every challenge is an opportunity, so open yourself up and get ready to move!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
448. “Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
449. “Every chapter of life does not have to be funny; it does not have to be painful either.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
450. “Every child born in Afghanistan is a child who comes into life a victim of war. And every parent too often puts those they love most to sleep with the uncertainty that one or all may not rise to the shards of peeping pink light again.” — Hollie McKay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
451. “Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?” — che guevara｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
452. “Every day is a blank canvas just waiting for you to paint into it beautiful experiences and positive energy.” — DJ Bwakali｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
453. “Every day is an opportunity for new adventures. Seize them with open arms.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
454. “Every decision is ultimately a guess, some better than others.” — Jennifer Guttman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
455. “Every demeaning and blatantly false thing said about me has objectively been proven false” — Lashon Byrd｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
456. “Every ending is a new beginning, and every path leads to a different destination.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
457. “Every enemy can be beaten. All you need is the right team at your back.” — Jessica Khoury｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
458. “Every failure is a chance to make things better than ever” — Vishesh panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
459. “Every flower represents a soul that is blooming with beauty and innocence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
460. “Every glittering stone, like every shining metal, is not precious.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
461. “Every great leader can take you back to a defining moment when they decided to lead” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
462. “Every human being deserves a better life; it is the inhumane ones who do not mind taking that better life away from others.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
463. “Every journey begins with a single step – stop waiting and start taking action TODAY.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
464. “Every living being is presented with the gift of life. It is up to each one to decide what to do with it while there is still time. Blessed are those who make theirs count.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
465. “Every setback is an opportunity to grow if we take the time to reflect, find out what went wrong, and use our experiences to move forward.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
466. “Every single ONE of us is a unique VIBRATION in a beautiful Symphony of Infinite CREATION.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
467. “Every single day of your life you do about a hundred things you have no interest doing. To get through the day. And it starts with getting up!” — Carl Lewis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
468. “Every small step we take towards environmental conservation paves the way for a brighter, greener tomorrow.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
469. “Every step a beginner takes leads him to be an expert someday!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
470. “Every struggle carries within it the seeds of wisdom and strength.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
471. “Every time I admire nature, I wish I could just disappear into it.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
472. “Everybody in this world has something they need from it. We all have a shadow side, a kink in our personalities, a hunger that leaves us starving, whether we realize it or not.” — Lily  White｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
473. “Everyone has bad habits. It is your good habits that build you.” — Arian Adeli Koodehi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
474. “Everyone is a magician, it depends on how much you believe in your magic.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
475. “Everyone is intertwined with the past, present, and future.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
476. “Everyone is struggling. I suppose we must try to understand and learn rather than judge” — Amish Tripathi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
477. “Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves.” — Princess Diana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
478. “Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
479. “Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.” — Viktor E. Frankl｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
480. “Everything is for our enjoyment.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
481. “Everything is hard before it is easy” — Goethe J.W.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
482. “Everything is within your power,and your power is within you.” — Janice Trachtman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
483. “Everything rises and falls from mindset. If your mindset is right you will be right. If your mindset is wrong, you will be wrong. Let your mindset be optimistic.” — Adeleke Aishat - Tashia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
484. “Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen the third time.” — Paulo Coelho｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
485. “Everything that is due to me is going to be given to me.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
486. “Everything that matters rests on the realization that this life is an inside job” — Karen Joy Hardwick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
487. “Everything that you look at, even the things you like, or the people that you disdain or abhor, exists in you to varying degrees.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
488. “Everything we know today was unknown yesterday, and everything unknown today will be known tomorrow. We know so much, yet so much is unknown.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
489. “Everything worth doing is difficult.” — Andrew-Knox B Kaniki｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
490. “Evil can be transmuted into tragedy, loss into gain, temporality into deathlessness, by creating beauty.” — Johnny Firic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
491. “Excellence doesn't just happen. Its a practise.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
492. “Excellence requires growth.Growth requires learning.Learning requires change...Change is inextricably imbued with risk.Risk implies that failure is possible, if not likely.But, Great & Good frontload the risk.” — Courtney Greene McDonald｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
493. “Execution is the bridge between intention and result – it moves you from merely having ideas to making them a reality.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
494. “Experience teaches you what you ought to know, which you don't know.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
495. “Experienced entrepreneurs understand how to treat risk as a decision for a benefit, accepting a future loss with a determinable probability of occurrence and an uncertain magnitude.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
496. “Experiment with life by exploring and trying new things.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
497. “Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
498. “Expressing gratitude is a small action that, when practiced every day, will allow inner peace to unfold exponentially.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
499. “Extend your hand to those who express Gratitude not Attitude.” — Chintha Sai Bhargav Reddy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
500. “External failure has no real correlation to spiritual failure. For a spiritual entrepreneur, external failure is often essential for spiritual success.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
501. “Facing adversity with courage will help you stay focused on your end goal — don't be afraid to take the road less traveled.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
502. “Facts didn't matter to people if they were smiling.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
503. “Failing to make it to the list of the best 5 students in class or not being named the team captain should not make anyone feel like they have failed.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
504. “Failing to recognize moments of great risk is like dancing in the dark. You may be on solid ground, or you may be twirling at the verge of a precipice—you don’t know.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
505. “Failure does not connote that you achieved nothing. It denotes that you are on an adventure towards finding what will eventually advance you to the realization of your goals.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
506. “Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
507. “Failure is a necessary step on the path toward success.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
508. “Failure is not an obstacle; it's a necessity.” — Scarlet Jei Saoirse｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
509. “Failure is not the end; it is merely a stepping stone on the path to success.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
510. “Failure is not the end; it's a stepping stone towards success.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
511. “Faith is no slave to rituals, rules or even religion. Many a godless men attained faith; many a faithless men attained god.” — Khaqan Sikander｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
512. “Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
513. “Faith is the power that allows a perplexing world to emerge into the light.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
514. “Faith isn’t blind belief; it’s unwavering trust.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
515. “Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.” — Suzy Kassem｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
516. “Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
517. “Faith, the guardian knot of the human spirit, unwavering amidst cosmic ebb and flow, is the wellspring of our profound emotions, guiding us through the boundless depths of existence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
518. “Fall a thousand times; get up a thousand and one.” — Vikrmn: CA Vikram Verma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
519. “Farewell, but not goodbye, as our paths may cross again.” — Sara Yahia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
520. “Fate is like a disability, either blame it all the time or accept it and work around it.” — Agnesh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
521. “Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
522. “Fear and failure are inevitable in life, but those who face them with courage and perseverance transform their lives and inspire others with their actions.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
523. “Fear can keep us stuck in our comfort zone, but courage can open us up to tremendous possibilities and growth. The choice is yours.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
524. “Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
525. “Fear has the role we give it. We are able to empower or poison ourselves to whatever degree we want. This is the beauty of our design.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
526. “Fear is a powerful stimulant.” — Margaret Atwood｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
527. “Fear is just an emotion. It is not true. The only thing that is true is the action you take, regardless.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
528. “Fear is your friend, your sous chef, your co-pilot -- embrace it!” — Jennifer Guttman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
529. “Fear makes us think we need more information before deciding, but often we just need courage!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
530. “Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT” — Eddie  Johnson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
531. “Fear, any fear, is a waste of time. As the regrets.” — Indira Gandhi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
532. “Feedback is the tonic of great champions; be humble to take the good, the bad, and the ugly of feedback.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
533. “Feel the energy and rapture of dance as it heals the fallen and saves the lost.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
534. “Feeling overwhelmed? Take action. By breaking tasks into manageable steps, you can conquer overwhelm and achieve your goals.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
535. “Feelings are real. They often become one’s reality. But they are not always based on truth.” — Jesikah Sundin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
536. “Figuring out your motivators, values that move and guide you and what inspires you leads you to what you want to be.” — Adeleke Aishat- Tashia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
537. “Find inspiration within yourself to overcome challenges.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
538. “Find joy in the simplest of things, for happiness lies in appreciating life's small wonders.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
539. “Find what you love and go after it. Know where you would love to build your strength. Pursue what keeps you excited for longer than anyone else, for that’s the thing where you will start to have an added advantage over everyone else.” — Ali Sohani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
540. “Find what you love, find it for a long, and don’t settle until you find it. Find something you would love to fail in – because that’s where you will have the most chance (in each successive attempt) to make a big win.” — Ali Sohani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
541. “Find your flow, trust in yourself, and let your passion guide you towards the life you've always dreamed of.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
542. “Finding inner peace should be your highest goal and determining steps to reach it should be your highest priority.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
543. “Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
544. “Firm was my resolveand fragile was my heart.I saw many ends and many a start.” — Alok Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
545. “First, you have to push people’s boundaries and not feel bad about it. No one is going to give you anything if you don’t ask for it.” — Taylor Jenkins Reid｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
546. “Fitness is vital for sportsperson, I never take it for granted. My fitness mantra is healthy eating and daily exercise.” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
547. “Fly low and feed with the chickens or soar high and dance with the eagles.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
548. “Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
549. “Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
550. “Focus on small wins to reach big achievements – use momentum generated by execution as the fuel for success!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
551. “Focus on what you are and what you can rather than what others aren't & can't. You have to win; they don't necessarily have to lose for you!” — Alok Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
552. “Focus on your skills then improve it, the more you improve the more you grow...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
553. “Folk fight the fury of gods to stave out their place in history, capitulating for the slightest mark in the epics of man, even a write-in under some obscure footnote.” — Trent Lindsey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
554. “Follow Your Heart & The world Shall Follow YOU!Reject it and It stops beating!” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
555. “Follow your bliss and doors will open where there were no doors before.” — Joseph Campbell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
556. “Following your convictions means you must be willing to face criticism from those who lack the same courage to do what is right. It’s called the road less traveled.” — Donald Trump｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
557. “For a few seconds, a thought creeps in. He could pull his GPS and end it. He could hit that button, and they would come to find him within an hour. That's the easy way out. While looking down, a tattoo slips out from under his sleeve. Not Done.” — B.A. Bellec｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
558. “For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
559. “For underachieving super stars, multiplying what they know through teaching and building mastery contributes to their motivation and achievement.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
560. “For young adults,the growth from silly to serious can be very fast, indeed.” — Dean Cumings｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
561. “For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.” — Forrest Curran｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
562. “Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
563. “Forget yourself, and you may just find what you were made to be and do.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
564. “Forgive to forget, do not forget to forgive” — Santosh Avvannavar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
565. “Forgiveness provide you strengthWord Sorry make you calm” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
566. “Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go... you are a part of everything.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
567. “Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
568. “Freedom is essential for any system to work, and love is the foundation for freedom.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
569. “Freedom is free beyond a person's limit but it is better for him to free himself within his limits.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
570. “Freedom will finally be within grasp when you experience heaven on earth with a dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
571. “Fresh air is nature’s way of reminding us that every breath is a gift.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
572. “From an acorn grows a mighty oak - don't be embarrassed, be proud of where you're starting from, because it's all part of the journey!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
573. “From the ability to fail. Not a conscious fear of failure, just terror of everyday life.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
574. “GIVING - Applied tithing is so rewarding. When you give away your time, talent, and treasures you create a huge shift in your prosperity consciousness. So start where you are as you reach for where it is you want to be.” — Lisa Washington｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
575. “Generous in love-God, gives grace.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
576. “Genius doesn't wait for moments,they create it.” — Uttam Singh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
577. “Genuine beauty never fades, even when the journey of life ends.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
578. “Get a grip on yourself. there's only one god here on earth, and that's you. If you don't like the world, make one you like better.” — Yasmina Khadra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
579. “Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.” — Donald Trump｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
580. “Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.” — Ryan Lilly｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
581. “Getting your hands in the soil can be relaxing. Because of the fresh air and new ideas, you’ll feel more energised.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
582. “Give hope to your inner self to rise above with your self-esteem, work through it and you will succeed.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
583. “Give me a library and a good book and we will be friends for life.” — Niedria Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
584. “Give more time to your loved ones; the best things in life are free, and loved ones are the greatest gift you get without a fee.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
585. “Give service and meditate if you can.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
586. “Give your family the happiness they deserve and seek peace within because at the end Love is all we are accountable for!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
587. “Glorious feelings don't need permission, you just need to maintain positivity so that comfort and consistency finds its way to build your dreams.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
588. “Go after your dreams no matter how far they might seem today. Just start taking steps towards them and your dreams will be yours.” — Chandan Negī｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
589. “Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.” — Michael Bassey Johnson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
590. “Go so fast you leave fear behind” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
591. “Go with me into the book. It's safe here.” — Niedria Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
592. “Go-getters don't know the term "couldn't".” — Kaniskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
593. “Goal Of LIFE Is patience,Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
594. “Goals are for winners - dreams are for losers.” — Mark Taitz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
595. “Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
596. “God as a leader has always been patient with those he leads from; Moses to Jonah, to Saul, to David.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
597. “God can not save you from knifes and stones dear, that is why we are here - to save each other.” — Fredrick Backman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
598. “God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe.” — Amaka Imani Nkosazana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
599. “God didn’t give fear a body. God gave love a body.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
600. “God helps those who strut their stuff.” — Dan Sofer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
601. “God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.” — Amit Ray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
602. “God promises, therefore, he can performs.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
603. “God requires you to do what is right.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
604. “God's language is empathy, compassion, kindness, and silence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
605. “Good loving leader asks inspiring questions from his mentees’ such questions that lead to discoveries” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
606. “Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
607. “Gratitude is the heartfelt appreciation for the teachers and parents whose guidance and sacrifice have shaped our future.’ On this Teacher’s Day, we thank you for lighting the path of knowledge and love, forever illuminating our journey.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
608. “Gravity is the God and the Sun is the Son of God as our ancestors tried to teach us, they were scientists with unstoppable creativity” — Dido Stargaze｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
609. “Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
610. “Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
611. “Great leaders don't just establish a following; they create an army of leaders, who are empowered to think for themselves and become their own heroes!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
612. “Great losses are great lessons.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
613. “Greatest motivation is self-motivation.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
614. “Greatness is not a gift, it's a choice. It's not a talent, it's a habit. And habits can be built through consistency, dedication, and unwavering commitment.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
615. “Greatness is the outcome of a sincere, committed, and consistent effort over time.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
616. “Growth comes from pushing yourself and taking risks - stand firm in your resolve, and accept the journey with grace.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
617. “Guilt provides far more effective motivation than greed. For greed, at times, can be satiated.” — L.E. Modesitt Jr.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
618. “HOME is where we want to be” — Sofia Zakaria｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
619. “Habits stay with you even when you don’t have the motivation.” — Neeraj Agnihotri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
620. “Happiness and sufferings coexist on the wheel of life.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
621. “Happiness becomes untethered to income, because once we can meet our basic needs, the lure of all the stuff it took to meet them, begins to lose its luster. Once extrinsic drivers start to fade, intrinsic drivers take over.” — Steven Kotler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
622. “Happiness cannot be the goal because you already have it” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
623. “Happiness doesn't always involve achieving success. Most of the time it's about showing up every single day.” — Ravevx｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
624. “Happiness is not a path it is a destination.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
625. “Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
626. “Happiness starts with a cute snout and lots of Fur...I promise you it doesn't end here!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
627. “Have faith in the universe and its capability to lead you to the path of abundance.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
628. “Have no room for people who set you back.” — Janna cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
629. “Have the courage to take risks, because if you don't, you'll never know what lies beyond your comfort zone.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
630. “Have you ever reached a truly quiet state of mind?” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
631. “Have you made a practical plan for your dreams yet?” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
632. “Having a clear vision leads to greater self-awareness — use it as a guide to empower yourself and pave the way for success!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
633. “Having thousands of birds in the sky doesn't stop you from flying your kite.” — Kolade.Emma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
634. “He had made himself believe that he was going to get well, which was really more than half the battle.” — Frances Hodgson Burnett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
635. “He was given too much agency in a fallen world.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
636. “He was the rarest of things, a Republican with sex appeal.” — David Halberstam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
637. “Healthy food that you feed your spirit, mind and body keep you long enough to reach your destination.” — Nozipho N Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
638. “Hell and heaven exist in the present moment. Stop worrying about heaven because they are both present right now.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
639. “Here they resisted to the last, with their swords if they had them, and if not, with their hands and teeth” — Herodotus｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
640. “Here's how man thinks: "If no one’s done it, why should I try? It’s a waste of time; but if he’s done it, I can do it better.” — Nabil N. Jamal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
641. “High achievers need to realize that no matter how much you prepare, setbacks are inevitable - but it's only by learning from these failures that we can achieve true success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
642. “History continues until we learn from it and change our course.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
643. “History flows through us. We need only gaze inward to glimpse the future's unwritten pages.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
644. “History is written by the winners; strife to be one at all legitimate cost possible.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
645. “Hold on; carry on; troubles shall disappear when you dance to your favorite tune.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
646. “Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
647. “Holding on to the past will hold you down in life. Learn from it but move on.” — Jonathan Anthony Burkett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
648. “Holding on, holding out and holding fast when the going is tough constitutes a winning mindset.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
649. “Honestly, I’ve wanted to give up a lot of times. But I worked hard. I believed I would succeed if I worked hard.” — Junmyeon Kim｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
650. “Hope appears as a distant stranger Where ghosts are quiet and lack strength Unaware that they will confront danger When ideas start to display their length” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
651. “Hope in the shadow of fear is the world's most powerful motivator.” — Neal Shusterman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
652. “Hope is the anchor of the soul; keep it strong, and it will keep you steady.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
653. “Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.” — Jay     Long｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
654. “How I handle myself is how you treat me.” — Cliff Hannold｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
655. “How far you will go in life depends on how far you are willing to learn, plan and implement the good lessons you have learned.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
656. “How long are you going to keep watching others live their dreams without going after your own?” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
657. “How we perceive supreme reflects how we perceive ourselves.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
658. “How we relate with other people is dependent on how we rate ourselves and what we think about ourselves.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
659. “How we treat others is a reflection of how we treat ourselves.It is rare almost impossible, for a mean, conniving, hurtful, racist, bigoted person to truly love themselves.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
660. “How would your life be different if...You didn’t wait for someone else to fix a problem or social issue? Let today be the day...You take up a cause that you feel in your heart and give your time and efforts towards that cause.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
661. “How would your life be different if...You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day...You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
662. “How would your life be different if...you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the day...You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
663. “Human imagination is the seat of discrimination. It has two choices: to imagine a world without fear or imagine a world with amplified fear.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
664. “Humans must be skeptics in order to find truth. Because there is always something that lies beneath...” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
665. “Humans, unlike Jedi, are powerfully afraid of rejection. We do not survive well alone, so humans as a species are especially vulnerable to thoughts that make us afraid the rest of the “tribe” will desert us to die a sad, lonely death.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
666. “I Sh*t, therefore I am” — Frank D. Prestia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
667. “I am extreme in everything I do...Can immensely love and can immensely hate...U choose” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
668. “I am glad I have never experienced writer's block. Once I start, I can't stop. I won't even try to start, until I am motivated enough. Music always helps. I have a soundtrack for every book I've written. At least, one song per chapter.” — Jason Medina｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
669. “I am headed to create classical moments, so that my son can have classic memories.” — Niedria D. Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
670. “I am more than the moments that locked my essence in trauma. Using every ounce of pain, never forgetting my worth, moving away from the drama.” — Maria Teresa Teresa Pratico｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
671. “I am not a man of God, I am too little to be that, but once in a while I like to believe in that thing called destiny.” — K. Hari Kumar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
672. “I am not happy because I have it ALL. I am happy because I have ALL that some don't have.” — Adanne Chukwudi Udejiofor｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
673. “I am very aware of everything that I'm worthy of. Therefore I walk, talk, act, and emit that type of energy in my life. That is how you attract what you desire and what you're deserving of with ease.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
674. “I am wonderful, I deserve to be wonderful, and I contain multitudes.” — Stephen King｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
675. “I ask myself: Are Defeats necessary ?Well,necessary or not, they happen.When we first begin fighting for our dream, we've no experience and make many mistakes.The Secret of life, though,is to fall seven times and to get up eight times !” — Paulo Coelho｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
676. “I believe depression is legitimate. But I also believe that if you don’t exercise, eat nutritious food, get sunlight, get enough sleep, consume positive material, surround yourself with support, then you aren’t giving yourself a fighting chance.” — Jim Carrey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
677. “I believe that self-defense is essential in protecting one’s well-being and dignity.” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
678. “I believe, with all my heart, that anyone can improve and create a life they love from where they are right now.” — Kristen Butler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
679. “I came out of the storm, not the same person, but stronger, braver, and more resilient.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
680. “I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
681. “I contend that the only thing holding people back from exploring infinite divergence is their will to do so.” — Kevin Molesworth｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
682. “I didn’t realize that, to find the key to my success, exactly what I needed was someone to insult my last name and my father. I learned that I do better fighting for others than for myself.” — Patrick Bet-David｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
683. “I do not follow any tradition. I may stand at the beginning of one.” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
684. “I dont just have to be perfect...I have to be me” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
685. “I don’t read too much, but I stay glued to books on the average of five hours per day.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
686. “I find it terrifying how so many people are prepared to spend so much on motivation and inspiration, yet spend so little on education and information.” — loren weisman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
687. “I found an inner strength to fight for myself. It was clear that nobody else would.” — Tehmina Durrani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
688. “I guess life is made of choices. We just make what seems to be the best decision at any given moment.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
689. “I have failed more than a hundred times in different things in my life but the only reason I am successful is that I do not stop myself from trying one more time.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
690. “I have great willpower, as I know the sky is my mirror and my spirit is its reflection” — Leo Lourdes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
691. “I have moments that aren't too bad, but there's always something I'm struggling with, or feeling guilty about. I just figured I needed to try harder, but I find it difficult to sustain that motivation.” — William P. Young｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
692. “I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person’s life void of negative experiences.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
693. “I have realized that whatever good comes to me, comes from God, whatever bad comes to me, God has allowed it, and I choose to be thankful for both.” — Jeff Goins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
694. “I have the power I need to create the destiny that I desire. I am open to the Universe's abundance, and magic happens when I live in my eternal truth.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
695. “I kissed your fist, and now you're healed.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
696. “I know me God and I know you see my heartI ain't afraid, nothing will tear us apart” — Dwight Thompson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
697. “I know that you feel like I pressing your corners never it just a good standard for fashion,no short cut in doing it, it you need to explain it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
698. “I know that your beautiful eyes with or not make up are designed to see beyond you think.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
699. “I live in a way to make my daybook readable and interesting.” — Sebastián Wortys｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
700. “I love travelling to places far from civilization. I always feel more civilized when I return.” — Furiosa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
701. “I m human, I m not perfect. Although, I make mistakes all the time.” — Chetan bhagat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
702. “I may not have my Bible, but God's words are in my heart. God is with me, and that is the reason that I have the strength to be sitting here holding it together.” — F.D. Adkins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
703. “I must always write this way. I must always feel – and deeply.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
704. “I need to stop getting into situations where all my options are potentially bad.” — Jack Campbell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
705. “I never realised power of x for a function f(x) when I was in school.” — Bhupesh B. Patil｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
706. “I never realised power of x of function f(x) when I was in school.” — Bhupesh B. Patil｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
707. “I often lose motivation, but it's something I accept as normal.” — Bill Rodgers｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
708. “I often wished that more people understood the invisible side of things. Even the people who seemed to understand, didn't really.” — Jennifer Starzec｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
709. “I only cry once when I get hurt by the same thing at first.” — Edward Okaroni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
710. “I personally believe that fear is a great motivator. Being afraid can even be healthy, as you really achieve something grand when you get to the other side of your worst nightmare.” — Jim Brickman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
711. “I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.” — Núria Añó｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
712. “I promise you nothing is as chaotic as it seems. Nothing is worth diminishing your health. Nothing is worth poisoning yourself into stress, anxiety, and fear.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
713. “I put on the boots and kicked some monster ass.” — Jim Butcher｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
714. “I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.” — Lily Tomlin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
715. “I still have doubts about it, but I don’t want her to know.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
716. “I think that negativeEmotions have their place ConfusionAngerSadnessFearThey have their placeThey set a paceEach unraveling a unique faceAnd it’s up to our choicesWhether we learn from their voices” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
717. “I think that there is some advantages to just lying to yourself.” — Owen Cook｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
718. “I touched peaks impossible.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
719. “I want to mean something, to leave my mark, to rest in the assurance that people were better off having known me.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
720. “I was 29 years of age and that was the first time I had experienced true love. Even the love of a Father!” — Raynetta D. Bradley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
721. “I will not blink. I will not be intimidated.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
722. “I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
723. “I will not wait for later or the ‘right time’. There is only this time and I am ready to live in it.” — Molly Remer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
724. “I will reach out to the world from the corner of my little space and no devil can stop me from fulfilling this purpose.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
725. “I would rather fail than regret!” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
726. “I would rather live short and right then long and wrong.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
727. “I would take one minute of peace of mind instead of the best dessert on earth.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
728. “I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.” — Isaac Asimov｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
729. “I write so the word, "Victim" will not be your mantra.” — Otishia E.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
730. “I'd you say bright make ups color boost you tell me in what? unrespect or being pushy to others ,it not designed for that gal.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
731. “I'm in the mood to study and absorb all of the knowledge that I can right now.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
732. “I'm not talented at all. It's just that I spend more time thinking about art than others.” — Tsubasa Yamaguchi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
733. “I'm sorry I have trust issues and it's a wise policy!” — Ifthaker Ahmed "haxdead"fuad｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
734. “I've had many dreams useless dreams while sleeping. Priceless are those that guide me while awake.” — Paul Pinelle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
735. “I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success...victory; it has my complete focus.” — Spuds Crawford｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
736. “I've realized that you might have big waves, and you may have small waves. But it never matters because the waves always break. And what if they don't? That just means that you must keep swimming until your wave appears.” — Ali  Marie｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
737. “I've set myself to become the king of the pirates... And if I die trying... then at least I tried!” — Eiichiro Oda｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
738. “IT’s All In The Game Of Mind.” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
739. “Identify reasons to be great instead of excuses to be mediocre.” — Jevon Wooden｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
740. “Identify your top three goals and demolish the number one obstacle. Stay laser-focused and fiercely determined on your objective, and success will be yours for the taking.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
741. “Identifying your core values and goals is an incredibly important step on the road to achieving success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
742. “If I am constantly “doing” but never “becoming,” my capacity to “do” will shortly become the primary limiting factor of my life.” — David R. Edwards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
743. “If I didn't have Lincoln's butt to stare at the whole time, motivation would be a lot harder to come by.” — Jessica Shirvington｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
744. “If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.” — Franz Kafka｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
745. “If a person have an inability.. Then will have a super specialty..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
746. “If all your weekends are the same, that means you're not collecting experiences.” — Kaniskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
747. “If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
748. “If both the people and the system are leaky, the chances for failure are great. Sometimes it is hard to know whether the problem is the person or the system that is failing.” — Robert Kiyosak T｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
749. “If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
750. “If it makes you nervous, you’re doing it right.” — Childish Gambino｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
751. “If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.” — Shannon Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
752. “If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.” — Suzy Kassem｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
753. “If life was so easy, it would not be worth living. It is the mountains and valleys that make life exciting.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
754. “If love is a city, to enter it, you must pass through the gates of dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
755. “If multitasking is the solution for doing more in less time, then the human race is moving towards a time when we will attempt to finish items on our to-do list while we sleep.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
756. “If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.” — Compton Gage｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
757. “If reading makes you happy, do it. Whatever makes your heart sing and brings you joy, do that too.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
758. “If someone does not consider those around them to be valuable and hold only themselves in high regard, they too have a very bad self-esteem.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
759. “If the busiest person in the office is the CEO, it only means that either the leadership has failed to create evolving systems or the leadership itself has failed.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
760. “If the earth is a hotel, our life is just about the time we spend in a hotel between check-in and check-out.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
761. “If the painter wishes to see beauties that charm him, it lies in his power to create them, and if he wishes to see monstrosities that are frightful, ridiculous, or truly pitiable, he is lord and God thereof.” — Leonardo da Vinci｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
762. “If the people around us are supportive, life becomes easy. If they’re toxic, life becomes hard. Easy or hard, life can change in a moment and that moment may come anytime. Change claws its way out, anyhow. Nothing is constant here.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
763. “If there was a reason why he preferred the liberal tendency to the conservative one (also held to by many of his circle), it was not because he found the liberal tendency more sensible, but it more closely suited his manner of life.” — Leo Tolstoy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
764. “If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms.” — Kamal Ravikant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
765. “If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and our future life opportunities.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
766. “If we knew what we do not know, then we most probably would not fear it.” — Jennifer Guttman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
767. “If wisdom is related to age, human wisdom is insignificant in the cosmic setup. Our universe is 13.8 billion years old.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
768. “If you accept working for 'peanuts' don't complain when you're treated like a monkey.” — Rob Liano｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
769. “If you always think of ways to succeed, you will find ways to succeed. In life, everything begins with how you think.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
770. “If you are critical about the flaws of others, then make sure you are not blind of your own.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
771. “If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
772. “If you are not willing to be a fool, you can’t become a master.” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
773. “If you are objective enough to evaluate your journey through life, you will come to the right conclusions about who you are.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
774. “If you are willing to be a self-learner, you will develop yourself.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
775. “If you believe that the show you’remaking will improve the world, there’s nothing saying that your goals andself-interests and someone else’s goals and interests have to be mutuallyexclusive. They can align.” — Eric Bates｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
776. “If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.” — Steve Maraboli ｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
777. “If you can begin to see your life as a feedback mechanism that is reflecting who you are, with the ultimate goal to help you live better and more fully. All of a sudden you realize it was never the world standing in your way but your own mind.” — Brianna Weist｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
778. “If you can dream without limits, you can soar to great heights. Let the magic of your imagination set you free.” — Kerri Maniscalco｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
779. “If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.” — Chris Burkmenn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
780. “If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.” — Suzy Kassem｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
781. “If you concentrate on small, manageable steps you can cross unimaginable distances.” — Shaun Hick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
782. “If you dare take the challenge, you will possess the courage to conquer.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
783. “If you don't do anything to improve upon yourself no one will do that for you.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
784. “If you don't know where you're going, you're never going to get there.” — Paula Wall｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
785. “If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
786. “If you fall, do not forger stay down. May you find inner strength to rise again.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
787. “If you have a dream, make sure to write it down to see daily in front of you. More you see to it, more you visualize your future to achieve it” — Narayanan Palani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
788. “If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
789. “If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.” — Hussain｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
790. “If you have not done something to improve a human's life in some way, you have not truly lived.” — Dr. k. Bharathi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
791. “If you have nothing to give. Then give smile” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
792. “If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
793. “If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
794. “If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual.— Bobby J Mattingly” — Bobby J Mattingly｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
795. “If you know where you want to go in life, people tend to help or get out of the way.Both of those are useful.” — James Clear｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
796. “If you look at nature closely, you will notice miracles all around you.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
797. “If you need help, God can help you, call on him.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
798. “If you plant love and kindness, you will reap what you sow.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
799. “If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
800. “If you say no to oppurtunity, you had said no to life” — Leonardo Theoson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
801. “If you stare in the face of evil too long, it will become your reflection. Turn toward the light of love.” — Indirah  Ambrose｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
802. “If you stay humble and keep your humility embedded in your behavior then no circumstances can erode your core. You will keep on shining evermore.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
803. “If you take on a challenge and really commit to it, you'll find that it's not just about that one thing - it will create new habits, skills and behaviors that can be applied in other parts of your life.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
804. “If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
805. “If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito!” — Wolfgang Reiber｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
806. “If you think you know everything, then look at the clouds hovering in the sky for a while, and then you will realize how ignorant you are.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
807. “If you want a life of success, you should be ready to make the necessary sacrifices.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
808. “If you want a valuable life, ensure that whosoever is part of your inner circle protects your peace of mind and adds value in their own right.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
809. “If you want success in your life, do not focus on what others are doing. Instead, focus on what you should be doing.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
810. “If you want to achieve career mastery, then you need to be willing to put in the work. But don't worry, the view from the top is totally worth it.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
811. “If you want to be happy, let go of your anger and bitterness and embrace kindness, compassion, faith, and love.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
812. “If you want to be truly successful, you must make mistakes and learn from them.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
813. “If you want to go forward, You must take action and apply yourself” — Osman Gulum｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
814. “If you want to have long-term success as a coach or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
815. “If you want to have long-term success as a coach, or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential. It isn't enough to be knowledgeable about what you do - you have to be hungry for improvement.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
816. “If you want to make a change in your life and create something meaningful, you need to shift your mindset from "shoulds" to "musts".” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
817. “If you want to sing, you sing without considering who is listening or what they might think.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
818. “If you wish to leave a legacy, the things you do cannot matter only to you.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
819. “If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.” — Germany Kent｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
820. “If you’re moving forward, move on. If you’re not, make a move.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
821. “If you’ve got a dozen pitchers, you need to speak 12 different languages.” — Michael Lewis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
822. “If you’ve had to make an effort to fit-in , then it concludes that you’ve been trying on the wrong size” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
823. “Illuminate the beauty that lies within us...rediscovering the grace in being different.” — Sara Yahia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
824. “Imagination is not bound by possibilities. The creative mind will always break the shackles—making the impossible, possible.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
825. “Imagine a place where everyone chooses to bring energy, passion, and a positive attitude every day.” — Stephen C. Lundin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
826. “Imagine living your life so indelibly that others remember your smile long after they’ve forgotten your name!” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
827. “Imitation preceded creation.” — Stephen King｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
828. “Immense and intense is the reach of dance, moving souls with its majestic trance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
829. “Immerse yourself in the world or the industry that you wish to master.” — Robert Greene｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
830. “In a story you had to find a reason, but real life gets on very well without even Freudian motivations.” — Anthony Burgess｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
831. “In a war between customers and the company, customers might lose the fight due to the difference of powers, but the company is the ultimate loser.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
832. “In a world full of distractions, pause and feel the world around you—the gentle rhythm of raindrops, the laughter of children, and the pulse of humanity’s collective heartbeat.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
833. “In a world of shallowness and narcissism motivation is yet another commodity that can be gift-wrapped and sold to all those suckers who are just begging to be ripped off.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
834. “In any situation, always remember God is step ahead” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
835. “In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
836. “In leadership, you gotta love people first. Love the position second.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
837. “In life, it is wise to acknowledge that you do not know certain things. After all, no one knows everything.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
838. “In love with doing things to flaunt my soul, non-temporary things!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
839. “In misery, do not be sad but sing.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
840. “In my world, women’s motivation change.” — Lebo Grand｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
841. “In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.” — Brandi L. Bates｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
842. “In our efforts to avoid pain, we inadvertently avoid the depths of our true selves. Embrace the pain because it leads to a deeper understanding of who you are beyond the shadows of suffering.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
843. “In reversing underachievement, keeping motivation and ability high is crucial, especially for underachieving students with great potential.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
844. “In the Sharzelos Model, the first rule of underachievement reversal emphasizes that techniques used to reversing underachievement must promise a great response.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
845. “In the bitterness of the present, the seeds of future sweetness lie concealed.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
846. “In the delicate dance between development and nature, our steps must be gentle, echoing the intricate rhythms of the ecosystem. Only then can we create a world where peace, compassion, and empathy coexist.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
847. “In the ebb and flow of love, setting someone free is the ultimate act of trust. It’s the fine line that separates fated love from fleeting love.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
848. “In the end, it came down to tea and talking just as much as bullets and butchery.” — Hollie McKay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
849. “In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.” — Sophie Kinsella｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
850. “In the eternal dance of existence, creation unfolds as a continuous melody, orchestrating the symphony of life with each fleeting note.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
851. “In the face of adversity, remember that every setback is a setup for a comeback.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
852. “In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.” — Caryn Sullivan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
853. “In the house of the diligent, there will always be an abundance of food, but the sluggard will always beg for bread.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
854. “In the name of look beautiful help the world by being beautiful inside and out to avoid confusion.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
855. “In the pursuit of knowledge, remember that learning is a lifelong journey. Seek wisdom with humility and a thirst for understanding.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
856. “In the realm of adventure, limitations cease to exist, and the possibilities become boundless.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
857. “In the stillness of a quiet moment, allow your soul to speak, and you will find the Atman, the eternal self, whispering its truths.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
858. “In the symphony of humanity, understanding is the harmonious chord that bridges the gaps between hearts, allowing the music of empathy to resonate with the delicate notes of patience.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
859. “In the tapestry of existence, music is the thread that weaves emotions into the fabric of our hearts, creating a symphony of peace that resonates through the soul.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
860. “In the tapestry of relationships, ignoring the ones who were once dear, weaves threads of heartache that endure longer than the fabric of love itself.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
861. “In the vast expanse of life, we often find ourselves navigating wild, uncharted waters, where adventure and discovery await those who dare to explore.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
862. “In this life cycle, one must willingly carry out one's responsibilities by serving living beings while appreciating the beauty of life.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
863. “In times of profound silence, we find the stillness to hear our inner voice and the strength to heed it.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
864. “In what worldTo live?What loveTo give?Is it worthy?Or will it breakMy heart?EveryoneSeems to beSecretly evilAnd to tryTo disguiseThe truthWith lies;It’s disappointingBut stillI seeSomething differentIn you;I find hopeAnd I fallIn love” — Jazalyn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
865. “In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
866. “Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
867. “Indecision breeds doubt, but decisive action fuels confidence.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
868. “Inside us, there is a part of every nation, every religion, every culture, every tradition and every language. We are the world.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
869. “Inspiration ignites the spark of magic. Creativity is magic.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
870. “Inspiration is found in the unknown, what you discover there is up to you.” — Isa Millot｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
871. “Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!- RVM” — RVM｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
872. “Inspiration surrounds us in nature, art, kindness, and within ourselves.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
873. “Inspire one and inspire another, inspire me to look for me and embraces me.” — Seun Ayilara｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
874. “Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
875. “Instead of seeing failure as shameful, view it as an opportunity to demonstrate your courage and determination.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
876. “Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
877. “Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
878. “Integrity must always be seen in action and never in question.” — Sabrina Newby｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
879. “Intellect tangles and knots people, but love and compassion dissolve all tangles.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
880. “Intellectual product is the most creative of all products but appreciated by a few who are in the control of the majority that are mentally lazy.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
881. “Intelligence is knowing the what's and the how's. Wisdom is knowing when and where to use it. Humility is knowing the who and why.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
882. “Intent is my precursor one half breath and I am realized. My goal is my full breath ~” — Patricio Telman Chincocolo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
883. “Invest in yourself and make progress – use small steps to move towards bigger goals.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
884. “It always works when you know what you're doing” — Richard Bach｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
885. “It dangerous to be comfortable in people's praises will make you expect it in wrong place and time.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
886. “It depends on whether you seek to live your own life or somebody else’s.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
887. “It does not matter if we do not have an immediate answer. What matters is if we have the right question.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
888. “It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.” — Tyler Perry｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
889. “It doesn't matter what happens to you on earth, just look in the sky, and look at the stars. Go deep into the galaxy, and dream.” — Veronica Braila｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
890. “It doesn't matter what you did or where you were...it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart and NEVER let anyone shut you up!!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
891. “It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.” — L.M. Fields｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
892. “It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
893. “It feels awfully nice to be a little kinder to yourself and everybody else.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
894. “It feels like Salinger wrote The Catcher in the Rye in a day, and that incredible feeling of ease inspires writing. Inspires the pursuit of voice. Not his voice. My voice. Your voice.” — Aimee Bender｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
895. “It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.” — Isaac Asimov｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
896. “It is OK not to be OK..It is ok to be tired, angry & sad..Then we reflect & decide to rise like a Phoenix!” — Sally El-Akkad｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
897. “It is amazing how the Powerful God provides.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
898. “It is better to aim high and miss than to aim low and hit.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
899. “It is better to elevate yourself through the power of your mind than to lower yourself because the mind can be both a friend and an enemy to the self.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
900. “It is by your faith that you can stand firm.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
901. “It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
902. “It is great to do what you love but greater with the great team.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
903. “It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
904. “It is in winning the battle of life that man becomes a hero, not in running from them – life’s battles are life exams.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
905. “It is no great accomplishment to take care of yourself—I’ve known children of ten or twelve who can do that. To become a true adult, you must become more than independent; you must become dependable.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
906. “It is not about hate,It is about Time....” — shu-jais｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
907. “It is not always easy to go through life. Sometimes stuff happens and you face hard times, but you do not have to be hard on yourself. You can still do your best and become a great success.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
908. “It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.” — Sanhita Baruah｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
909. “It is not easy to forget those who touched your life in a special way. It is good to celebrate life’s heroes while they are still alive. Choose to appreciate the good things they have done.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
910. “It is not enough if you just live life as it comes to you like a floating leaf in a pond. Make use of the powers bestowed in you and soar like an eagle.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
911. “It is not too late to turn a new page and write a good story of your life. There is more you can do if you do not keep your purpose out of sight.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
912. “It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed.” — Doe Zantamata｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
913. “It is our action that determines the viability of our dream.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
914. “It is risky not to take calculated risks in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
915. “It is significant to look after yourself and your significant others. In the process, do away with the insignificant things in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
916. “It is very difficult and, in many cases, ultimately hopeless, to try to be kind to people who are unkind to you. But if you give it a try, it is not impossible and it is the noblest thing to do.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
917. “It is your choice whether you laugh or cry; it is your life.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
918. “It lightens the mood when you start to dance; it’s not about the feet, but what moves beneath.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
919. “It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.” — Rodolfo Costa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
920. “It not that you bad person it because people they don't understand you and things you do make more confusion to them.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
921. “It only takes one step towards a dream for possibilities to open up — stay focused on that goal no matter what gets in your way!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
922. “It takes courage and strength to take a long, hard look at who you are, what you want out ofthis life, and how to make it happen.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
923. “It takes courage to let go of the past, but the ability to forget it is where true freedom is found.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
924. “It takes strength to let go of the past, but the power to forget it brings true liberation.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
925. “It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
926. “It was in 2020 that I started posting my poetry online. The world was too lonely and scared then, and I wanted to see if my words could be of any help.” — Jayesh Bhaware｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
927. “It's absolutely ok to make poor choices; no one knows the world completely. To come out with better results is real responsibility.” — Sonal Takalkar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
928. “It's always never worth the money; until you possess it.” — Adrian Leslie Lobo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
929. “It's better to ask a stupid question than to make a stupid assumption.” — Teuta Towler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
930. “It's better to do something with quality, no matter how long it takes you rather than do something mediocre, with constant quantity.” — Oscar Auliq-Ice｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
931. “It's better to wake up than fall back asleep in a town with no dreams.” — Dennis E. Staples｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
932. “It's easy to get fooled by the noise - don't let it distract you from your truth and what's right for YOU.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
933. “It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
934. “It's funny, haha.Time consuming oil.” — I forgot the name｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
935. “It's like suggesting we put seat belts on all the chairs in a library - both safe, just in very different ways!” — Dipti Dhakul｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
936. “It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.” — Jillian Michaels｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
937. “It's not about the obstacles but your discipline to stay focused on your goal till you win.” — Chidiebere Orji Agbugba｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
938. “It's not about what I SEE for our future, or humanity; It's about what I DO for our future and humanity.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
939. “It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
940. “It's not important whether you lose or win, what is that you participate and play, one fine day your experience will make you win.” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
941. “It's not life situations but our thoughts are the pilots of grief.” — Durgesh Satpathy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
942. “It's not that some people have willpower and some don't... It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.” — James Gordon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
943. “It's not what you've got, it's what you use that makes a difference.” — Zig Ziglar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
944. “It's okay if people reject you too many times not everyone deserves great opportunities and not everyone deserves to work with great people.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
945. “It's okay to step back, take a break, stay away from the maddening crowd. Figure out what you want in life. Never too late to start again. Regroup and return stronger. It's not a sign of weakness.” — Jagdish Joghee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
946. “It's one thing to get called into creation without being asked first,But it's an insult to injury to then be expected on top of that to work out what the hell you're doing here in the first (second) place” — Exurb1a｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
947. “It's so easy to get trapped in the notion that success means having every action regulated and planned, but the truth is far simpler. All you need is enough discipline to develop habits that lead to effortless success!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
948. “It's the days you have every right to breakdown and fall apart, yet choose to show up anyway that matter most. Don't diminish the small steps that others can't see.” — Brittany Burgunder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
949. “It's time to put aside the limits that have been placed on you and start believing in your own strength and potential!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
950. “It's true that jealousy is a desease. So instead of shaming those who suffer from it, please wish them a speedy recovery.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
951. “It's true that life is short and time is fleeting, but if you can stop to appreciate how precious it is, you'll find that time is the most precious measure of true wealth!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
952. “It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
953. “Its better to choose another path rather than stop journey.” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
954. “It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
955. “It’s been said that legends are those who shape change into greatness; shaping change is one of the hallmarks of genius.” — Julian Pencilliah｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
956. “It’s hard to believe there are people that don’t read books. There’s so much magic in words and well told stories.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
957. “It’s hard, until it’s not.” — Manal El-Ramly｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
958. “It’s important to think of what it means to powerfully and successfully rise to challenges, and all that it requires: determination, clarity, and steering clear of victim mentality” — Emma R.  Wilson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
959. “It’s not enough to know thyself. You must also be thyself.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
960. “It’s not fair!” is the mantra not of the poor and oppressed but of the rich and spoiled. The poor and oppressed of the world don’t pout, “It’s not fair!”—they know the world too well to dare.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
961. “It’s not just the big moments that count, it’s all of the small actions that feed our heart and soul on a daily basis. Cherish those moments and reflect on how to replicate them often.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
962. “It’s time to care; it’s time to take responsibility; it’s time to lead; it’s time for a change; it’s time to be true to our greatest self; it’s time to stop blaming others.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
963. “I’m a rebel in the game of chanceI have learned to enjoy the spiritual danceI have yearned to speak the language of truth I have the power to inspire our youth” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
964. “I’m always scared to death that I won’t do a role justice. But fear can be a great motivator.” — Hilary Swank｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
965. “I’m closing the chapters on the me that I used to be and I’m opening the pages to the person I should have become a long time ago.” — Ravenwolf｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
966. “I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in” — Bernard Kelvin Clive｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
967. “I’ve lost heart more times than I can count. But God has always helped me find it one more time than I can count.” — Craig D. Lounsbrough｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
968. “Jedi are always assessing situations, actions and possibilities. Jedi don’t just think outside of the box with the help from the Force, they also adapt to situations outside of the box!” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
969. “Jedi are conversationalists and negotiators, bringing people together and solving problems. Jedi listen and feel to what others are saying.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
970. “Jenifer always taught me that starting a job was one thing―—and admirable―—but that following through and completing―—well, that’s where the bravery is.” — Valerie Estess｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
971. “Journaling is a great way to process any emotions that come up during challenging times – it can also help boost resilience.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
972. “Just as learning has no end, so does growth.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
973. “Just as life has no quick fix; transformation lacks a flick-switch approach as well. Investing in a better version of yourself will take time but pay you rich dividends as well.” — Kelly Markey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
974. “Just as the moon bears its hidden face, we too harbour unseen depths within us.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
975. “Just as you need to add logs to a fire to maintain it, you need to feed your passion to keep it burning strong.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
976. “Just be clear about your question, and I will give you the answer you are looking for.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
977. “Just be good. Baby you are a queen. Give wisdom a chance to be seen.” — Dwight Thompson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
978. “Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse” — Connor George Serbin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
979. “Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
980. “Just because I'm doing what I love, doesn't mean It's always going to be fun.” — Tsubasa Yamaguchi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
981. “Just because it didn’t work doesn’t mean it was the wrong choice.The world is full of probabilities, not certainties.Find a game where the probabilities favor you and keep taking shots.” — James Clear｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
982. “Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!” — K.M. Johnson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
983. “Just because you've presented yourself as this person for a large amount of time, doesn't mean that you have to remain that way. You have the freedom to completely transform in all ways.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
984. “Just because you’re good at something, doesn’t mean you’re supposed to be doing it.” — Antonio Neves｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
985. “Just being on the right track isn't enough to guarantee success. You must keep moving forward and taking action, or you'll get left behind.” — Francesco   Vitali｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
986. “Just don't give up, a miracle could happen!” — Lee Yone｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
987. “Just for the record: happiness is not bullshit.” — Andrew Sean Greer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
988. “Just leave the bedroom and live your life!” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
989. “Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves. - RVM.” — rvm｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
990. “Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.” — Dalai Lama｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
991. “Justice is a criminal circuit that rapes innocents with electricity framing them as guilty... Never take part in legal procedures! You do not need laws to be ethical! Only criminals need laws! To condemn innocents & break them invisibly!” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
992. “Justice is a fickle mistress, alluring but elusive, ever delivering less than she promises.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
993. “Kadar imaš polno rit vsega, ni noben stol dovolj udoben.” — David Zupančič｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
994. “Keep beginning, re-creating every day, and the rest will fall into place” — Leo Lourdes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
995. “Keep creating: the world yearns to celebrate your next masterpiece.” — Ken Poirot｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
996. “Keep fixed on the important things like love, loving and being loved.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
997. “Keep following your intuition and never forget that you are not doing this alone, you are constantly guided and all your needs will be constantly provided.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
998. “Keep on going. Don’t be discouraged. Borrow a leaf from a determined tourist who must get to their destination despite not being conversant with the routes to it.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
999. “Keep on working until it works.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1000. “Keep trying until you reach the thought of giving up, its only then that if you try a little more will you achieve success.” — Ryan R Benton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1001. “Keep writing, dreaming and creating. There are no boundaries to your imagination. Writers are gifts to the world.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1002. “Keep your head in the clouds and your hands on the keyboard.” — Marissa Meyer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1003. “Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1004. “Keep your vision clear, stay committed to your beliefs, and always lead with integrity. The rest will fall into place.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1005. “Knowledge is another form of God. If someone loves both. So he will get the answers to every question.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1006. “Knowledge is another form of God.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1007. “Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.” — Zig Ziglar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1008. “Language is not just a tool; it's a bridge that connects hearts, minds, and the boundless realms of inspiration.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1009. “Language is the compass that guides us to the treasures of inspiration, leading us through uncharted territories of ideas and dreams.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1010. “Language is the key that unlocks the door to inspiration, allowing us to explore the limitless depths of imagination.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1011. “Lead with courage, own your decisions, and embrace accountability - the true hallmark of a fearless leader.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1012. “Leaders are forward-thinking, confident individuals who identify what needs to be done, put in the hard work, and actively seek solutions instead of pointing fingers.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1013. “Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1014. “Leaders in OVER their heads is the mere result of getting ahead of their intended SEASON.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1015. “Leaders set direction, build and inspiring vision where they want to go, and create a path for others to follow.” — Bruce McCombs｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1016. “Leadership is about unlocking the potential of those around you, so they can shine and achieve greatness in their own unique way.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1017. “Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,& Sharing the success with all!” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1018. “Leadership is not about having the most power or authority, it’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1019. “Leadership is not about having the most power or authority. It’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1020. “Leadership isn't confined to a title—it's an attitude that permeates every action.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1021. “Leadership often requires learning, and learning requires leadership. It’s not a coincidence that these two concepts are intertwined – without one, you can’t have the other.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1022. “Leading with vulnerability is tough, but it’s essential to establishing a strong team dynamic.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1023. “Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1024. “Learn from your past and be better because of your past but don't cry about your past. Life is full of pain, let the pain sharpen you, but don't hold on to it. Don't be bitter” — Trevor Noah｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1025. “Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.” — Pablo Picasso｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1026. “Learn to allow some chapters in your life to close so you can start new, beautiful chapters.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1027. “Learn to learn. The way I see it, it's much more important to be a good learner, than to know it all.” — Arian Adeli Koodehi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1028. “Learn to prohibit anything that hinders your progress in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1029. “Learning to listen to and to follow the guidance of your Inner Voice is the key to living a well-balanced, harmonious, fulfilled, abundant, and happy life.” — Ana Parra Vivas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1030. “Leere ist gut. Leere heißt Platz für Neues, Platz zum Durchatmen.” — Sabrina  Milazzo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1031. “Let age be your motivator, not your excuse.” — Nate Hamon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1032. “Let go of the past, wash away your pain, anger, and hatred, and emerge refreshed, renewed, and pure like the waterfall.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1033. “Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1034. “Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1035. “Let the morning sky shade be your favourite colour!” — Somya Kedia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1036. “Let us strive to be the change-makers who steer our planet towards a sustainable future, where both humanity and nature thrive.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1037. “Let your past propel you forward, not hold you back.” — Toni Sorenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1038. “Let your playerhaters be your motivators.” — Alberta Parish｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1039. “Let's bend this voices beyond around us and choose to be brave!” — Janzzyy Boo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1040. “Let's face it - the only way to truly make a lasting impact is by embracing change and standing out from the crowd.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1041. “Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1042. “Level up your decisions, align your actions, and crush your goals. Be the unstoppable force of your next-level vision of you.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1043. “Life Is Meant To Realize Yourself as a Divine Being.” — Shiva Negi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1044. “Life With Adventure” — Chloe Pyke｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1045. “Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1046. “Life becomes a moment to moment ecstasy when you stay connected to your spirit as you learn to live by what binds you to your soul even a speck of dust will turn to a glittered star folding your despair while unfolding your dreams.....” — Jayita Bhattacharjee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1047. “Life can feel unpredictable and overwhelming, but staying mindful can put you in the driver's seat.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1048. “Life comes once. Live wisely.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1049. “Life crashes like waves against the shore of my heart. Your love has become the safe harbor from which my soul can never depart” — Maria Teresa Teresa Pratico｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1050. “Life denotes the beginning of dying, and death denotes the origin of life.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1051. “Life doesn't always have to be about trying something new, pushing ourselves to the limit or achieving our next goal. Sometimes it's important to stop and celebrate the successes you have gained along the way.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1052. “Life finds a way when love finds a way, and love finds a way when the human makes a way.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1053. “Life goes on, and others replace the dead. Death changes nothing.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1054. “Life grants each person a unique purpose to accomplish. You are here on earth for a reason; you just need to find it. If you cannot change the world, at least change yourself. Do something to make the world a better place.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1055. “Life happens so we can become what we need to become.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1056. “Life happens! Just when you expect happiness, something tragic could happen. So, learn to accept any change of circumstance.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1057. “Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1058. “Life is a Canvas given to you to see how colourful you can make it” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1059. “Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1060. “Life is a boomerang. What you give, you get.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1061. “Life is a canvas. Paint it with colors that bring you joy.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1062. “Life is a gift which you will get a chance to unwrap each morning as you wake up. Therefore, be a good recipient of this gift. Use it to make an impact.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1063. “Life is a great journey. So, refuse to be idle and never let others drag you where you should not be going.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1064. “Life is a journey of endless opportunities for growth and self-discovery.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1065. “Life is a journey, and it’s full of twists and turns - some amazing, some challenging. But no matter how tough the roads or uncomfortable the accommodations, there’s still something to learn from it all.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1066. “Life is a journey..., a yearning for love.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1067. “Life is a journey...a yearning for love.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1068. “Life is a loan which you will one day have to repay before God. Ensure that the day you repay it, you are met with rapturous applause.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1069. “Life is a mandatory school for the living. Everyone is a learner because every day, life offers mandatory lessons.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1070. “Life is a one-way road with no reverse option, so live it with caution and avoid any commotion.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1071. “Life is a one-way trip with no return ticket. Always remember that you are in transit.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1072. “Life is a precious gift, but not everyone can experience a fulfilling life. If you are fortunate enough to have one, be thankful for that.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1073. “Life is a series of many mysteries. Go out there and make great discoveries. The sweet caress of Mother Nature will help you experience God’s splendour.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1074. “Life is a series of natural and unanticipated changes. Don’t fight them; instead, accept them with grace.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1075. “Life is all about making those brave and necessary shifts, so take a deep breath and trust yourself to make that leap of faith.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1076. “Life is amazing, but its amazing wonders are hard to realize when others become atrocious. Wherever you are, choose to be good, do good, and make a difference.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1077. “Life is amply confusing on its own; don’t create confusion where it doesn’t exist. You don’t get to make the world whatever you wish it to be. You don’t get to make yourself whatever you wish to be.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1078. “Life is as incomplete and imperfect without difficulties, as a rose without a staircase of thorns.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1079. “Life is beautiful. Cherish every moment, appreciate what you have, and find joy in the present.” — Vitaly Magidov Kirkpatrick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1080. “Life is easy when you live among people who do not make things difficult for you.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1081. “Life is for living, so live already.” — L.Q. Murphy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1082. “Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.” — Cheyenne van Langevelde｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1083. “Life is full of unexpected turns and challenges, but don't let that stop you from becoming who you are truly meant to be. Push through any doubts or fears and unlock your hidden potential.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1084. “Life is given to each one of us. In most cases, we choose how we want to navigate our individual paths.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1085. “Life is govern by principles not by how you feel.Just image a farmer who does not sow his seeds & decides that he is going throw them on the roof because he feels so, well he is sure not going to have a harvest.” — Thabang Kanti｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1086. “Life is great when you take charge of your happiness. If it happens that you lose it somewhere, go back and fetch it. Never leave behind your happiness, and never settle for a life of brokenness.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1087. “Life is hard because it cannot last, because it must not last. Its very definition is that which lies tenuously between nonexistence and nonexistence.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1088. “Life is like a camera. Focus on what's important and capture the good times.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1089. “Life is like a river. It only moves in one direction—towards the ocean. Your life is also moving in one direction—towards the cemetery. Therefore, prepare enough for a triumphant exit.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1090. “Life is meant to be an adventure. Seek experiences that ignite your soul.failure, inspiration, life, motivation, pep-talk-radio, struggle, success, passion, adventure” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1091. “Life is never meant to follow a singular path.” — Santosh Kalwar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1092. “Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes, and mind to what lies behind; so you can focus on the now.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1093. “Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage, and completing it in the right lane.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1094. “Life is not about finding someone beautiful, it is about finding someone who makes your life beautiful.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1095. “Life is not about the absence of trials. They will somehow show up even if we did not commit any crime. The presence of trials helps us stand the test of time.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1096. “Life is not about the loud cheers, or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1097. “Life is not always easy, but when you believe, you will find ways to win.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1098. “Life is not black and white. There are many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1099. “Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground, it is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1100. “Life is short, but it is broad enough for those who fully embrace it.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1101. “Life is short, but one thing is for sure; the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1102. “Life is so precious, we all are having a very limited time. To access the knowledge of Truth & the Creation.The sooner you get it, the lesser you'll struggle in between the conflicts of Consciousness and Heart ” — Tanveer Hossain Mullick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1103. “Life is surely not a movie, do not live it as though you were acting. Be genuine.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1104. “Life is the dance between your wildest dreams and deepest fears - so take a chance! Don't let fear hold you back.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1105. “Life is too short to be lived in the confines of your comfort zone. Break free and explore.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1106. “Life is too short to be unhappy. Disengage from anyone or anything that takes your happiness away.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1107. “Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding, and keep winning.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1108. “Life is too short to spend it second guessing yourself! Break down those walls of limiting beliefs and get ready for amazing things ahead!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1109. “Life is too short to stay in your comfort zone. Believe in yourself and be courageous. Take risks!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1110. “Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love!” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1111. “Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil, learn to ignore the unsettling noise and use the time you have to do more.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1112. “Life is what you make of it. It will not always give you what you want, but you can still choose what you want to become.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1113. “Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your A-game.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1114. “Life may not seem fair; but it does give everyone a fair chance.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1115. “Life offers many free lessons, but most people would rather pay the heavy price of ignorance because they cannot pay attention to the subtle lessons of life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1116. “Life offers us an opportunity to live. Choose to live right and be a shining light.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1117. “Life often finds a way of teaching us something, whether we are willing to learn or unwilling.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1118. “Life requires both discernment and wisdom because some people come to help solve problems, while others come to create more problems. Discernment will help you know them, and wisdom will help you know how to deal with them.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1119. “Life takes a magical turn when you start believing in yourself, cast your own spells, and see your life-changing...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1120. “Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1121. “Life was designed to be neither painful nor pain-free. You have to journey through it, irrespective of the pain or pleasures along the way.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1122. “Life will always offer you incredible opportunities to run your race. As you run that race, focus on your lane and not on your neighbours’ if you want to be great.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1123. “Life will always present one problem or another. If you cannot solve them, do not be shy about seeking help from others.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1124. “Life will always take you through various seasons. Learn to thrive in each season and come out ready to deal with any situation.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1125. “Life will always teach you good lessons and if you are a good learner, you will become wiser.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1126. “Life will not always be easy, but the ups and downs make it amazing.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1127. “Life will not always be easy, but we can make it easy when we collectively choose to break the existing limits in our society.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1128. “Life will not always be pain-free. But as painful as it can sometimes be, being alive can also be pleasing.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1129. “Life will offer you a chance to present your gifts to the world. It is up to you to grab that chance or live with regret.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1130. “Life will offer you an opportunity to make choices. You can choose greatness or insignificance, brightness or darkness, happiness or sadness. Whatever you choose, let it be your choice and not somebody else’s.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1131. “Life will present you with different people, things and places. What matters is what you do with them in order to make a difference.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1132. “Life will present you with good opportunities. Seize them and experience a life of possibilities.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1133. “Life will present you with great things after you have endured some gruesome tests.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1134. “Life will sometimes require that you partner with others in order to access a larger piece of the pie. As you do that, always avoid those who do not realize that you also deserve good things in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1135. “Life will take you to places you have never been, let you meet people who pull your heartstrings and help you not to lose your rhythm.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1136. “Life without a clear vision can be frustrating. Do not jump on the bandwagon of those who do not know where they are going. Seek clarity on what you need to do in order to keep growing.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1137. “Life without faith is like a world without love and will end in motion without meaning.” — Chandra Tusdiana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1138. “Life's short. Live passionately.” — Marc A. Pitman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1139. “Like all rivers, they will eventually lead to the sea.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1140. “Like an orchestra of words, let your language serenade the world with inspiring melodies of wisdom and creativity.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1141. “Like snails, humans are born small but sturdy. While we are shaped by our circumstances, our essence—temperament, traits, and talents—remain with us as we age. Over time, our spirit and strength grow with us like a snail’s shell.” — Sabrina Moyle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1142. “Like sun shine over the hills! rise and shine before sunset, do what expected on you,yes that you love to do the most world waiting it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1143. “Like the moon of night in the sky, there is still a hope that shines in the darkness of life, even in many shimmering confusions.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1144. “Limits can be great for inspiring creative solutions.” — Eric Bates｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1145. “Listen to your gut, trust your instincts, and be brave - the universe has something special in store for you!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1146. “Listen up: just because you have the capacity to do something for someone, it doesn't mean you have the obligation to especially when they won't even appreciate you for doing it” — Xiran Jay Zhao｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1147. “Little girls smile through their sadness, women weep, and hunger burns through the hollow lives of those who plead for someone, anyone, to listen to their misery.” — Hollie McKay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1148. “Little things don't make perfection but perfection is made out of little things.” — Chidiebere Orji Agbugba｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1149. “Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1150. “Live authentically, think deeply, have confidence in your abilities, and stay laser-focused on finding clarity. That's the secret recipe for long-lasting success!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1151. “Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.” — Jojo Moyes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1152. “Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1153. “Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1154. “Live the Life of Your DreamsWhen you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1155. “Live your life as if every day is an adventure.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1156. “Live your vision and demand your success.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1157. “Living From Your Art is POSSIBLE!!!” — Elie Castonguay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1158. “Living in the present and letting go of thoughts that no longer serve me allow me to relax, unwind and experience peace.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1159. “Living is a burden without the sweet life of love.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1160. “Look around you for a moment. You’ll be surprised at how much beauty you’ve been missing.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1161. “Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing...changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1162. “Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1163. “Love and kindness serve as a bridge between you and all living things.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1164. “Love is eternal; the aspect may change,but not the essence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1165. “Love is perhaps the only emotions that is boundless” — Santosh Avvannavar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1166. “Love to be unliked because it where you'll gain strength,indipendent.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1167. “Love yourself enough to protect you in you by living healthy life.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1168. “Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1169. “Low minds look at issues from an offensive standpoint – superior minds have more to achieve whilst hardly getting offended. They attend to offense from a positive standpoint.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1170. “Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1171. “Lucky for him, my lips are not smiling alone.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1172. “Maintain an undying relationship with God and enjoy all of His benefits; do not run to Him only when you feel you need Him; you may be disappointed.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1173. “Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1174. “Make a wish on a shooting star; the universe will align to hear your heart’s desires.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1175. “Make peace with your past so you don't mess up the present!” — Marcia Casar Friedman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1176. “Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1177. “Make progress every day, no matter how small it may be – execution builds momentum that can help you reach new heights!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1178. “Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1179. “Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.” — Robert Louis Stevenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1180. “Make time to reflect on the impact that your habits have on yourself and others— then adjust accordingly when needed!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1181. “Make what's missing.If you are watching a movie and griping, 'why didn't they do this?'. Well, it sounds like you have some writing to do.” — Lin Manuel Miranda｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1182. “Make your Mark without Erasing who You are...!...Words of Wisdom...take or leave!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1183. “Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.” — E.A. Bucchianeri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1184. “Make your soul happy by doing simple things.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1185. “Making decisions is the only antidote to decision avoidance.” — Jennifer Guttman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1186. “Man is as tough as a rock but delicate as a flower.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1187. “Man who is deeply in love with nature never ages.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1188. “Manusia terbentuk dari impian. Tanpa itu, kita hanyalah robot yang bergerak mengikuti hiruk pikuk dunia, tapi tidak mengiringi irama yang dilantuntan bumi. Dan impian bukan sesuatu yang absolut. Ia dapat berubah, bertambah, bahkan berkurang.” — Fiersa Besari｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1189. “Master ignoring the unnecessary worry and embrace the positiveness that gives you the confidence to face any issues you might stumble upon.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1190. “Maturity in any relationship makes the practice of love comfortable.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1191. “Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1192. “Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1193. “May the mighty one be merciful to all men.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1194. “May you find inner strength to rise up whenever you fall.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1195. “May you find the strength of will and the grace of endurance to overcome every challenge.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1196. “May you have an heartfelt joy to be alive.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1197. “Maybe prayer isn't just SOMEthing we can do in certain situations. Maybe it's the BEST thing.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1198. “Maybe the secret to continued success is as simple as knowing that your past successes could be done so much better now.” — Bill Loguidice｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1199. “Me Right Now...lol...Takes 1 Snapchat Selfie and deletes 100 normal selfies...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1200. “Meadows would bore without greenery, and woods would be silent without birds and insects. There would have been no thrill had the stream or brook not babbled or trickled.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1201. “Meditation is great motivation.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1202. “Memories are more important to me.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1203. “Mentally prepare for what you have been striving for and work on it step by step to make your dream a reality...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1204. “Mindset plus skillset creates the master.” — Rob Liano｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1205. “Miracles happen every day, but only those who believe in them can see their power.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1206. “Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1207. “Mm.. I see you wondering how to take good care of your feet. Walk the journey that you’ll never regret.” — Nozipho N Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1208. “Momentum is the "it" factor in life. If you want success build momentum.” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1209. “Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.” — Tim O'Reilly｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1210. “Mongooses lack the larynx and jaws for speech, to say nothing of the motivation.” — Thomm Quackenbush｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1211. “Morning is when you wake up....” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1212. “Most people who decide to grow personally find their first mentors in the pages of books.” — John C. Maxwell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1213. “Mothers are the heartbeat of our lives, the ones who guide us through the ups and downs, and the light that shines even in the darkest moments.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1214. “Motivated people build better stuff.” — Prinzip der Spotify Engineering Culture｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1215. “Motivation comes from working on things we care about. It also comes from working with people we care about.” — Sheryl Sandberg｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1216. “Motivation is not the event; it is the outcome.” — Keith M. Murley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1217. “Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes” — Benjamin Franklin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1218. “Mountains bow when you start climbing, oceans dry when you start crossing. Awake, arise and boldly march forward, the path appears when you start walking.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1219. “Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1220. “Music is a celestial gift of the supreme, a melody that transcends time and touches the soul.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1221. “Mutually exclusive refers to opposing behaviors, actions, or states of being that cannot take place simultaneously. For example, you cannot do what you love and do what you loathe at the same time.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1222. “My atheism, like that of Spinoza, is true piety towards the universe and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests.” — George Santayana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1223. “My best teachers showed me respect by refusing to share in my low expectations.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1224. “My body is a sacred temple. I treat it with love, kindness, nourishment, and respect.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1225. “My eyes are only a reflection of my Spirit” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1226. “My eyes reflect the passion I hold for my dreams” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1227. “My eyes speak another language, you just need super powers to read it” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1228. “My eyes tremble while my lips fight to hold the words that i'm too afraid to say” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1229. “My focus is on progression, not perfection. My progression is already perfect -- unfolding as it should, when it should, according to divine alignment” — Bethanee Epifani J. Bryant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1230. “My life is nurtured daily by books – it never left me the way I was.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1231. “My life's vision is to set an example for the youth” — Jalen Jahn Harris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1232. “My passion shone through my words, captivating the reader’s attention and fostering a connection.” — Bachir Bastien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1233. “Naivety can lead to disillusionment. But disillusionment can lead to learning.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1234. “Nature offers us a limitless source of inspiration and resources; it is our duty to protect and preserve them for the generations to come.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1235. “Nature's secrets are simplicity and patience.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1236. “Nature's serene beauty and tranquillity aid in one's search.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1237. “Nature’s fairness is awe-inspiring, but her beauty is enthralling.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1238. “Never allow anyone or anything to demise or dull your truest identity. Hurtful words and harsh judgments have no impact when your north star, your guiding light, shines from the center of your chest and beats from your own truest heart.” — Toni Sorenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1239. “Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!” — Babe Ruth｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1240. “Never allow your mind to wander untamed like a wild animal that exists on the basis of survival of the fittest. Tame your mind with consistent focus on your goals and desires.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1241. “Never compromise, but improvise; at this stage of life, showcase your dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1242. “Never confuse someone else's inability to do something with its inability to be done.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1243. “Never engage in gossip, it kills your soul, and wounds another’s heart” — Steven Aitchison｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1244. “Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about.” — Winston S. Churchill｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1245. “Never give up on your goals or aspirations; approach them with a fighting spirit and determination to succeed.” — Sharlene Isenia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1246. “Never give up on yourself, no matter what happens in life. When you follow God's plans for your life, one day you will be fine.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1247. “Never indulge your victimization by labeling yourself a victim, regardless of how much you deserve the title.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1248. “Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1249. “Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1250. “Never miss an opportunity to incorporate learning into life.” — Jeremy Whitley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1251. “Never pray to be a better slave when God is trying to get you out of your situation.” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1252. “Never quit on yourself.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1253. “Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.” — Bohdi Sanders｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1254. “Never run from the truth. It is always there; it never changes – save your energy.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1255. “Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true” — Brian Tracy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1256. “Never settle for others, settle for yourself and bring peace and joy within.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1257. “Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1258. “Never think twice, when you have decided once.” — Oscar Auliq-Ice｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1259. “Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.” — Germany Kent｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1260. “Never write people off. Surprisingly, it could be your worst enemy that saves your life.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1261. “Newtonian physics runs into problems at the subatomic level. Down there--in the land of hadrons, quarks, and Schrödinger's cat--things gent freaky. The cool rationality of Isaac Newton gives way to the bizarre unpredictability of Lewis Carroll.” — Daniel H. Pink｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1262. “No Matter How Worst Your Life Is Passing,Always Remember,The Living You Have Today Is Already Some People's Dream.” — Ravevx｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1263. “No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.” — Compton Gage｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1264. “No differences exist, as equals remain, the novice and the masters who practice the art of dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1265. “No leader can take the company forward if the company remains stuck in its past glories.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1266. “No matter how complicated life may seem, clarity will help you find the path forward — it starts with trusting yourself!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1267. “No matter how glossy your lips is what I say is it can kill or make someone live either you or someone else better watch it that what bible says.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1268. “No matter how hard life is for you right now, never attempt to take your own life. Give life another chance. Have better plans for the remaining years you have and you will be amazed by how far you get.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1269. “No matter how hard you work on something, only when you find a smart way to do it, do people recognize you.” — Mohith Agadi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1270. “No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1271. “No matter what happens in life, never underestimate your own value.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1272. “No matter what happens to you, pray for strength to hold on.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1273. “No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1274. “No need to prove anything to anyone when you already understand your self-esteem.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1275. “No one appreciates anonymity as much as those who have lost it, and you only get to lose it once.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1276. “No one can teach you the better than adversity.” — Shiva Negi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1277. “No one can, or will, care more about your life than you do. So, it’s time to start acting like it.” — Antonio Neves｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1278. “No one ever gets anywhere by being mentally weak.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1279. “No one has a perfect life; that is the bottom line.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1280. “No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1281. “No one motivates like a mentor.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1282. “No such thing as spare time, no such thing as free time. No such thing as down time. All you got is life time” — Henry Rollins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1283. “No wonder why we build our own cages and stay in them, even though there's no lock on the door.” — Brianna Wiest｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1284. “Nobody can take your happiness away from you. Once you learn how to create it.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1285. “Nobody is going to save you but yourself and the ‘best’ and only way to do so isthrough action.” — Oli Anderson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1286. “Nobody’s perfect, and life is full of challenges, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve love and acceptance!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1287. “Not All Dry Wood's Face Is A Funance” — Mike Ssendikwanawa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1288. “Not All Dry Woods' Fate Is A Funance” — Mike Ssendikwanawa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1289. “Not All Dry Woods' Fate Is A Furnace” — Mike Ssendikwanawa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1290. “Not all soldiers wield spears.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1291. “Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.” — Neelam Saxena Chandra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1292. “Not everyone’s opinion matters, Not everyone’s perceptions are equal.” — Shaa Zainol｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1293. “Not everything put into you is good or right, but it is good enough, and it is all important.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1294. “Not everything will make sense in life; that does not mean you should accept nonsense.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1295. “Not giving up is like continuous practice ꓽ you get better in the end.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1296. “Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1297. “Not one life reaches its potential until it is determined, dedicated, and disciplined.” — Shaneen Clarke｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1298. “Not to perceive obstacles as insurmountable barriers but as steps towards realizing a greater vision for a better society.” — A.Petrovski｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1299. “Nothing enriches our life more than the moments we share with our family. They inspire us to work harder and dream bigger every day.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1300. “Nothing hurls an individual towards their goals faster than the sting of defeat. That's when all the probing post-mortem questions get asked. Victory is the fluffing up and reinforcing of the existing ego.” — Stewart Stafford｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1301. “Nothing in life is a problem, everything is a possibility” — Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1302. “Nothing is unwanted in this world. Everybody & everything has value. Never worry about the value. Beyond every unwanted stage, you will find recycled & reborn stage.” — Sonal Takalkar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1303. “Now that I found my destinyCan't be the endBefore the startSo I ignore what they sayAnd I listen to my heartAnd then I knowThat I'm enough” — Jazalyn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1304. “Now you've done it all,certified people with your life tell me your results what is your benefits?” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1305. “OM, the eternal melody of love, compassion, and bliss, resonates within the soul, harmonising the symphony of existence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1306. “Obstacles are stepping stones to resilience; with each challenge we conquer, we forge the path to our own strength.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1307. “Of course there are limits. Every mountain has a peak. The beauty of this life is that there are many mountains to climb and new limits to reach.” — Nate Hamon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1308. “Of what use are the memories if not to grow flowers..... on the barren fields. Of what use are the falling tears if not to weave the string of pearls in the hardest hours...” — Jayita Bhattacharjee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1309. “Oh I see you shine like a summer rose but it not make everyone turn with you,why?it not balance nced.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1310. “On the other hand, if the future is not the one you chose then you may have to use your willpower to obtain the future of your liking.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1311. “On the other side of fear is everything you've ever desired!” — Chandan Negi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1312. “On the road to your life purpose, you will hit bumps and potholes along the way. So buckle up, grip the wheel with both hands and keep your foot on the gas! Enjoy the ride.” — Augusta DeJuan Hathaway｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1313. “On the verge of tears or about to break down, dance will rescue you from frowns.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1314. “On top of the world, we realise our dreams are not confined to the ground below but can soar to great heights when we dare to chase them.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1315. “Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours,Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1316. “Once we’ve been victimized, none of us can choose not to have been victimized; we can only choose how to respond.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1317. “Once you are left with no hope, it is hope you are left with.” — Deepak Kripal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1318. “Once you carry your water, you will learn the value of every drop.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1319. “Once you feel accomplished doing the inside work, the outside work will start to become easier, like second nature, because now you have mastered how to use your internal feelings to fuel your physical world.” — Damariis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1320. “Once, I was flying as usual.Some people called me ill.I, too, for a while, Believed them...Then I saw,Their sophisticated cage!” — Amogh Swamy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1321. “One can discover true bliss in nature’s stillness.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1322. “One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.” — Forrest Curran｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1323. “One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.” — Elizabeth Gilbert｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1324. “One of the Secrets in Life is to Make Stepping Stones out of Stumbling Blocks.” — Jack Penn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1325. “One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1326. “One of the origins of poverty is lack of respect for time.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1327. “One of the worst things you can do against yourself in life is to dream small.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1328. “One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!” — Dr. C. Moorer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1329. “One piece of revelation can turn a man into a success story.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1330. “One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1331. “One way of motivating yourself towards implementing your idea is to ask yourself; what and how much would I lose if the idea is practicable, doable, and feasible but I lacked the guts to act and push it to reality?” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1332. “One who is too relentless to listen to other people's views finds very few people who agree with him.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1333. “Only a dancer can sway the silk of her hair like the summer breeze.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1334. “Only once you can truthfully say you are grateful for your victimization have you transcended it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1335. “Open your eyes. See the sunrise. It is there to remind you that you still have another chance to rewrite the story of your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1336. “Opportunities for growth will always arise during moments of change.” — Manuel Corazzari｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1337. “Opportunities to share love and compassion are all around us. Its going to take an army of compassionate people to heal our world. How will you show yours?” — Renae A. Sauter｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1338. “Opportunity meets preparation. Prepare today for the opportunities you desire tomorrow.” — Wendy K. Walters｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1339. “Orang yang selalu menunda-nunda niatnya tidak akan mencapai apa-apa.Bertindak memang ada bahayanya, tetapi bila kita duduk saja menunggu rezeki nomplok, yang akan datang adalah kegagalan.Kesampingkan saja keragu-raguan anda dan maju terus.!” — Og Mandino｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1340. “Organisations always want input with creativity and innovation but often have hierarchical control in place.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1341. “Others can't always define your true identity. They see what they 'want' to see but beyond your mess, God sees the beauty He created and still thinks it's good!” — Chinonye J. Chidolue｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1342. “Our identity is the canvas, and our purpose is the masterpiece we paint on it, evolving with each stroke of self-discovery.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1343. “Our minds are constantly filled with self-doubts and internal conflicts that accuse us of being helpless, miserable, stupid, and deceived.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1344. “Our own self-esteem is something we can actually twist in whatever way we want.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1345. “Our planet's beauty lies in its diversity; let us protect it so that future generations can experience its wonders.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1346. “Our visa for the planet earth has a validity of just 100 years. It can expire early, but an extension is unlikely.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1347. “Our world has no place for cowards.” — Danielle Rollins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1348. “Over the years, I've come to realize that determination makes one to punch above one's weight.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1349. “Overthinking may make you mad or genius..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1350. “Own your power, take action toward your goals, and watch them become a reality.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1351. “PDA untuk mengurus masa” — Ahmad Fadzli Yusof｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1352. “POEMINHA DO CONTRATodos estes que aí estãoAtravancando o meu caminho,Eles passarão.Eu passarinho!” — Mario Quintana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1353. “Paddy fields sway gracefully in the cool, gentle breeze, a dance of nature’s elegance.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1354. “Pain is growth.” — Tommy Caldwell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1355. “Paint your own path even if that means walking it alone, sometimes that’s when you get the best surprises in life. - Martha Mandaric” — Linda Greyman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1356. “Paradigm shift is for the mindful; but those who refuse to adopt to new ways of looking at things will always catch yesterday's train, flight or bus.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1357. “Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1358. “Passion and talent with right knowledge and consistent practice leads to self fulfilment.” — Adeleke Aishat- Tashia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1359. “Passion comes naturally when you like what you do, but confidence builds only once you believe that you are the best at what you love.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1360. “Pay attention to yourself and your life. Make it what you want because the life you dream about isn’t going to fall into your lap. Go out and create it!” — Brittany Burgunder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1361. “Pay no attention to the rules – be anarchic. My definition of anarchy is 'do what you want but don't hurt anyone in the doing’.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1362. “People are born from the womb of the world with different sensitivities, and the world needs every single one of you to experience it fully, so that it might be fully experienced.” — Ruth Ozeki｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1363. “People are successful because they think and act like successful people.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1364. “People are the lifeblood of any business.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1365. “People call me a redneck engineer because I make things that they say barely work, but I see it as finding unorthodox ways of getting things to work as I need them to” — Günther Schepp Larenas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1366. “People don’t argue to find out the truth anymore. People will settle for winning momentary discussions, never minding the nuances within every topic they superficially defend with indomitable passion.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1367. “People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1368. “People in general would rather die than forgive. It's that hard. If God said in plain language. "I'm giving you a choice, forgive or die," a lot of people would go ahead and order their coffin.” — Sue Monk Kidd｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1369. “People live miserably without loving well and people love miserably without living well.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1370. “People say, don’t worry about the small stuff. Determining if your biggest worry is small stuff is a skill. Letting go of small stuff is a gift.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1371. “People try to prevail their own truth. And they use evil means. Theytorture, they threaten. What they impose as truth keeps them in power, but it is fascistic. When the truth is a strategy or a pattern is not genuine truth.” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1372. “People who are motivated away from things often experience a lot of pain and worry before they’re motivated to act.” — Steve Andreas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1373. “People who don't smile are not serious” — Dhillon Lee MW｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1374. “People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.” — Marilyn Suttle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1375. “Perfection is not a destination; it's a never-ending process...Enjoy!” — Jim Bouchard｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1376. “Perform your task and I shall know you. Perform your task and your genius shall befriend the more.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1377. “Perhaps the only thing we might legitimately lament in an old man’s death would be his failure to have used his time well.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1378. “Perhaps you are no rock climber, but faced with a big enough rock, you will have to become one.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1379. “Perserverance: Outlasting the most rash, pessimistic, cowardly naysayers; those first in line to deny us the dreams never tried. Ourselves.” — R. S. Guthrie｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1380. “Perseverance, Perseverance.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1381. “Persistence is the key to success - fear and failures act as your guide to reach the next level.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1382. “Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.” — Napoleon Hill｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1383. “Personal growth happens when you transform your potential into action.” — Wayne Chirisa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1384. “Pivoting does not mean changing your goal but rather changing your strategy to realize that goal.” — Steve  Pemberton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1385. “Plan in advance to avoid unnecessary headaches in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1386. “Plant the seed of hard work and eat the fruit of success...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1387. “Planting a tree is more than just an act of hope; it's a pledge to future generations that we cared enough to make a difference, one tree at a time.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1388. “Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.” — Mokokoma Mokhonoana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1389. “Play a role in securing happiness in your life and that of others. When you do that, you will experience leaps and bounds of happiness in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1390. “Please remember: when you are so afraid to run that even your fluffy ears and tail are shaking, that is exactly the moment you must do it. Otherwise, you will be left on the starting line all the time.” — Anna Horbatenko｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1391. “Popularity is no guarantee of truth and human flattery does not bring God’s approval.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1392. “Positive people like you all who spread positive energy achieve success in life. I have trained more than 10,000 students by now in my teaching experience of 12+ years. And I can tell this with conviction.” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1393. “Pray for wisdom and discernment so you can know which places to go or avoid, which people to welcome or shun, because being wise can make a big difference in your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1394. “Precious moments with precious people can help you realize how precious life can be.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1395. “Predicting the future isn’t what you should focus on, hard work is where your concentration should lie, your future will be built even if you don’t judge.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1396. “Pride and power fall when the person falls, but discoveries of truth form legacies that can be built upon for generations.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1397. “Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.-RVM” — RVM｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1398. “Propose not oppose. Input not dispute. Your leadership vocabulary on makes a difference.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1399. “Proving something to yourself is more important than proving anything to others.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1400. “Pure happiness and peace are at their peak when your body is in harmony with itself.” — Asa Don Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1401. “Purposefully pursue your dreams with all diligence.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1402. “Put into the world the beauty of being yourself and the healthy energy you bring.” — Steve Zeiger｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1403. “Quess what? would be a dramatic love look on your transformed body fat to a healthy muscles through body activities.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1404. “Raise the bar higher than your opinion...” — Gino Norris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1405. “Rather than the strength it takes to not lose, it's the strength to stand back up after a loss that is sometimes more valuable.” — Kyo Shirodaira｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1406. “Reach for the sky but keep your feet on the ground” — Phil Limbert｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1407. “Reading will give you happiness, happiness will lighten up your face, and lightened face will attract favor.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1408. “Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1409. “Real dreamers do not quit, but a belly dreamer does.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1410. “Reality is as necessary as reason.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1411. “Really, it's newsletters and direct followings that are always the main determinant for winning anyway.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1412. “Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1413. “Recovery is full of ups and downs.There is no such thing as a linear life.But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.” — Brittany Burgunder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1414. “Red is the Colour I LOVE ... coz Red is the Colour of LOVE” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1415. “Reflect on the impact you make each day. Ask yourself, if someone replaced you today, what would they bring? Strive for excellence, build your skills, and own your success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1416. “Refuse to let yourself succumb to the irrelevant judgment of others, and do not let the fear of standing out from the crowd paralyze you into living a monotonous and average life.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1417. “Regardless of how you perceive it, life is the greatest gift every human being has ever received. Be cheerful about it, and cherish it.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1418. “Regardless of the details of your story, your time bank is growing smaller every day. You are the manufacturer! You have the power to set the tone and control the factory floor.” — Penelope Przekop｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1419. “Regrettably, we believe we own the earth, the trees, the mountains, flowing rivers, and many other things, but we are all owned by nature.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1420. “Regular practice, consistency and self-confidence can only help you becoming a great player.” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1421. “Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.” — Bernard Branson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1422. “Remaining calm in stressful situations gives you time to assess the situation later when you are calmer.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1423. “Remember to celebrate the small accomplishments along your journey because they will provide the support needed when the road gets rocky. ” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1424. “Remember to prioritize self-care and rest, as they are essential components of success. By taking time to refuel, you'll be able to perform better and reach your goals faster.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1425. “Remember you can fly but you'll sleep on the ground, never look other people down cause tomorrow you'll land on them.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1426. “Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1427. “Remember, it's not always about big changes but instead small steps done with confidence and consistency that will get you to where you want to go.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1428. “Remember, the darkest nights produce the brightest stars. Embrace your struggle and let your light shine.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1429. “Remember, what others say or do is a reflection of their own internal experience, not yours. Their opinion doesn't have to be your truth.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1430. “Repent, be refreshed.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1431. “Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1432. “Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.” — Derrick Bell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1433. “Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1434. “Rise higher when you fall... be confident to face it all... and focus on making the impossible possible!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1435. “Riveting discoveries unfurl when one thinks the unimaginable, instead of imagining the unthinkable...for thought precedes imagination and sculptures acceptance for new ideas.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1436. “Rock bottom is somewhere none of us ever want to be, but sometimes it happens. It's a place that, if we allow it, can destroy us. On the other hand, it can teach us about the deepest, darkest parts of ourselves for our ultimate growth.” — Kristen Butler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1437. “SMILE! You are NOT on camera!” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1438. “Save your life. Stay away from people who do not like to see you smile.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1439. “Say anything else with that accent, and you can take me wherever you want...” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1440. “Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1441. “Seeing my book mentioned in different interviews and posts is an indescribable feeling. I’ll never take this love for granted.Whatever you’re creating right now, keep going. It is never too late.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1442. “Seek first the kingdom of heaven WITHIN, whereby lies an abundance of treasures and resources that you need” — Lisa Washington｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1443. “Seek the solution for a problem, not the problem again” — Chintha Sai Bhargav Reddy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1444. “Seeking Your face and not only Your hand, I find You embracing me just as I am.” — Big Daddy Weave｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1445. “Self -pity is the worst form of poison. It kills a person without the person realizing it ~ Aarush Kashyap” — Kirtida Gautam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1446. “Self determination is greatest will power.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1447. “Self discipline is one of the most important and useful skills you can have. Discipline is the number one trait needed to create a happy mood, and healthy and meaningful life.” — Vishal D Baraiya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1448. “Self-awareness— understanding our own motivations, our strengths and challenges—is the key to getting ready to mentor.” — Lisa Fain｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1449. “Self-confidence is contagious.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1450. “Self-confidence is one of the sharpest weapons you have and I am sure losing it isnt wise!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1451. “Self-sabotage steals our potential, hiding in doubt and fear, blocking our path to greatness.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1452. “Serendipity is not the product of patience; it’s the product of action.” — Audrey Moralez｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1453. “Serenity is inner peace amid chaos and trouble, not their absence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1454. “Setting boundaries does more than just make you feel empowered, it sends out a message to the universe that you know your worth and won't settle for anything less than respect.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1455. “Setting boundaries is not about building walls but creating space for growth.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1456. “Setting boundaries isn't about keeping people out, it's about protecting the energy you allow in.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1457. “She appears quiet and subdued.The paradox: Raging storms twirl inside her.” — Melody  Lee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1458. “She brought light into the darkest hourShe reminded humanity of love’s beautiful power No matter what obstacles she facedNo matter how confidently evil paced” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1459. “She is involved in work her soul must have.” — Alice Walker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1460. “She whispered her secrets to the wind, hoping they would be carried away by the wind and never heard by anyone else.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1461. “She's living That life,with the view, she designed.” — Bri Miller｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1462. “Shit´s already broken, so you might as well just try to fix it, and if you can´t, at least now you know how to take it apart” — Günther Schepp Larenas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1463. “Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss you miss, you'll land in the stars.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1464. “Shortcuts can cut your life short. Avoid them at all costs.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1465. “Should our motivation to achieve be just for the sake of the achievement itself with no thought of who/what we become in the process?If we want to sincerely enjoy our lives, who we become along the way is far more important than what we achieve.” — Richie Norton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1466. “Sight up - Might up - Light up!” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1467. “Simplify your goals, focus on the top three, demolish the main obstacle, and stay fiercely determined.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1468. “Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1469. “Sip the morning’s first cup of joy, where lemony whispers meet the sweet embrace of honey, and you’ll find the perfect blend to awaken your day.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1470. “Sit around too long thinking about how to begin and you’ll consume all your provisions while your ship rots in the harbor.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1471. “Sleeping or awake, in reality, or the land of dreams, across realms, everywhere is the gossip of dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1472. “Small thinking and big dreams is an oxymoron” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1473. “Smile coz its therapy for your heart that cleanses your soul; reflecting in your eyes!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1474. “So begins a new process designed to wake up your creative impulse.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1475. “So in life, sometimes we have to stay alone, but never give up our path to glory.” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1476. “So yes, come as you are, but be prepared that you aren’t going to stay here. Transformation is coming. And it’s coming because it’s necessary.” — Kelsey K Thornton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1477. “So, we hide, and we fight, and we hide, and we train, and we fight.” — Jennifer West｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1478. “Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1479. “Society teaches us to fall in line and be grateful even in times of injustice. It'll feel almost alien when you start speaking up but standing up for yourself is always the right thing to do.” — Torron-Lee Dewar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1480. “Some delays are meant to preserve your life. So do not be weary when things do not go according to your plan.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1481. “Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1482. “Some people come into your life to make it worthwhile, while others come to waste time. Choose the ones worth your while.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1483. “Some people die today to live tomorrow.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1484. “Some people made it in life not because they attained the highest marks in class but because they chose to make their mark.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1485. “Some people will make your life seem like heaven; others will make it seem like hell. Choose to ignore the latter. Life is better when you are surrounded by angels.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1486. “Some random clicks shine brighter than we expect!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1487. “Some things will feel too good to be true, but never feel bad about them because you also deserve good things in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1488. “Somehow, we must let go of the past and remember it at the same time. We must embrace the reality that is, not the reality we want to be, and do what we can to be a helping hand.” — Hollie McKay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1489. “Someone you know may tell you "Why are you stressing out about it? My situation is worse". But really, the truth is that everyone has their own struggles. Struggles are not something that can be compared.” — Kim Junmyeon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1490. “Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1491. “Sometimes change is what you need to do the things you never dared to do—to focus on big dreams and make them real.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1492. “Sometimes courage is a quiet fight, a dim softness within you, that flickers even on your darkest days and reminds you that you are strong, that you are growing, that there is hope.” — Bianca Sparacino｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1493. “Sometimes in life, you need opposers. Like the air pressure that fills up a flat tyre and enables it to perform at its best, such people can help accelerate your growth process if you do not allow them to hinder your success.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1494. “Sometimes it can feel like success comes in leaps and bounds, but the truth is that small shifts and tweaks are the things that will bring you closer to your desired future.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1495. “Sometimes it is because we are chosen, that we are rejected.” — Zara Hairston｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1496. “Sometimes it's worth lingering on the journey for a while before getting to the destination.” — Richelle Mead｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1497. “Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1498. “Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1499. “Sometimes life will put you through tough times. Choose not to give up until you overcome.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1500. “Sometimes life will require that you walk a million miles. Do it, no matter how hard it becomes. One day, you will look back and be proud that you were able to do that.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1501. “Sometimes people will not comprehend your plans. Go ahead and implement them if God is on your side because in life, not everything you do will make sense to others.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1502. “Sometimes random clicks turn out to be the prettiest of all” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1503. “Sometimes the fries are the best choice by a mile, but sometimes an apple with almond butter is paradise on a plate. If you can’t tell the difference, you aren’t quite listening—yet.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1504. “Sometimes the journey of life will be too hard, but that does not mean you will never overcome.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1505. “Sometimes the more you do good, the more tragedies you will experience in life, but you can sleep well at night knowing you have done your best to help others.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1506. “Sometimes the tears we shed prepare us for the best life we could ever have.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1507. “Sometimes we are so caught up in the issues of life that we forget the point of departure. We are nothing but voyagers with limited time. We should live each day with a great sense of duty, knowing that one day we will account for this adventure.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1508. “Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.” — Suzy Kassem｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1509. “Sometimes what others say about us matters the most.” — Anthony Ejefoh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1510. “Sometimes what seems like a destination is actually a bridge to a new chapter.” — Antonio Neves｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1511. “Sometimes what tortures us is in our own mind.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1512. “Sometimes you have to place your pride and fear to the side, and courageously ask for an opportunity. But make sure you’re 100% prepared if they say ‘yes’.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1513. “Sometimes, I witness moments of such outstanding beauty that I keep them to myself. Not as an act of greed. I— I just think my description would never do them justice.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1514. “Sometimes, the journey of life can be difficult, but remember, this is your race to run; no one can do it on your behalf.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1515. “Sordid things, for the most part, are what make human beings, my father included, move. That's what it is to be human, I'm afraid.” — Kurt Vonnegut｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1516. “Sorry, but you didn't love your brothers... And I can't understand that.” — Gege Akutami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1517. “Spend time with people who encourage you to grow, to explore new things, and who take joy in your successes.” — Daniel J. Levitin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1518. “Spend your life chasing justice and only one thing is certain: You will have spent your life.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1519. “Spiritual entrepreneurship is a collective community working together to expand love.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1520. “Spirituality is a life-long journey of self-discovery and enlightenment that leads us to a greater understanding of our place in the world.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1521. “Spirituality is for people. It’s not just for those who you might have read about in books, it’s for people.” — Belsebuub｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1522. “Spiritually healthy employees are the greatest asset and partners an organization can have. They are positive, solution-seeking, and unifying people.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1523. “Stairs are the only option to reach your desire, just take a new step and keep walking till you reach where you wish to be...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1524. “Start Now! but believe in Yourself, Take Baby Steps...One Day, you’ll leave behind the Rest!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1525. “Start celebrating other people's wins and keep striving for your own! Life isn't a competition, so focus on your journey and appreciate the successes of those around you.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1526. “Start from scratch grow with cash!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1527. “Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1528. “Start small, think big: Believe in yourself enough to own your shifts.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1529. “Stay close, don't go far, hold hands as dance heals all the scars.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1530. “Stay dedicated even when the motivation fades. That’s true progress.” — Vikrmn: CA Vikram Verma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1531. “Step forward in faith, rather living in pray & hope.” — Adrian Leslie Lobo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1532. “Step out of your comfort zone and take risks for true growth and transformation.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1533. “Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1534. “Stop allowing your outdated ideas to hinder your progress. How would your life be different if you became open to new information that can refine, improve, enhance your way of thinking, and empower your way of living?” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1535. “Stop beating yourself up! Breaking old habits isn't going to happen overnight, so don't be discouraged if it takes you longer than you planned. Give yourself some grace and remind yourself that consistency and repetition are key.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1536. “Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1537. “Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1538. “Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1539. “Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1540. “Stop settling and dare to be exceptional. Own your individuality and level up your standards because your unique identity deserves nothing less than greatness.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1541. “Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone’s life” — Leo Babauta｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1542. “Streamlining decision-making is not about sacrificing quality for speed, but rather finding a balance between thoughtful analysis and timely action to drive progress and success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1543. “Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.” — Arnold Schwarzenegger｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1544. “Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1545. “Strong people are the ones who can smile for others’ happiness.” — Veronica Purcell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1546. “Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1547. “Strong, vibrant, positive company culture values their people so greatly that no one feels like just a number.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1548. “Struggle breeds resilience, and resilience paves the way for triumph.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1549. “Struggle is the fire that tempers the steel of our determination.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1550. “Student engagement is the product of motivation and active learning. It is a product rather than a sum because it will not occur if either element is missing.” — Elizabeth F. Barkley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1551. “Success begins with action – turn your thoughts into reality and make your dreams come true by putting plans into motion!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1552. “Success belongs to those who dream big and focus on what matters most.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1553. “Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one ... quitting!” — Gerard de Marigny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1554. “Success doesn't come to those who simply dream and hope for it. It comes to those who take bold and intentional action toward their goals. It's not enough to aspire for greatness, you must work towards it every single day.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1555. “Success doesn’t just happen; it doesn’t pot out on its own.Success is all about the choices you make.It’s a balancing act betweenwhat to choose and what not to.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1556. “Success in life is possible if you allow yourself to learn, dare to be different and make a difference in the world.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1557. “Success in one area of life and failure in another can affect your stance on success. Aim to succeed in the key areas of life so you will not feel like a failure.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1558. “Success is a poor teacher” — Robert Kiyosaki｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1559. “Success is a team sport, not a solo endeavor.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1560. “Success is no accident.... It is hard work, perseverance , learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all... love of what you are doing.... Tribute to the legend Pele” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1561. “Success is not a momentary event; it's an ever-evolving journey. #HighPerformanceCoaching” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1562. “Success is not a number. It's about accomplishing your mission. Noah spent years building a boat that was only used once. Ignore the critiques. Build your boat!” — Kennedy A. Germain｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1563. “Success is not a question of how much power or money you have acquired. It is a question of how satisfied you are with WHO YOU ARE.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1564. “Success is not about being better than others; it's about being the best version of yourself.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1565. “Success is not about how fast you reach your goals; it's about how much you enjoy the ride.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1566. “Success is not about reaching the top; it's about lifting others up along the way.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1567. “Success is not about the applause; it's about how you feel about yourself.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1568. “Success is not about the applause; it's about the satisfaction that comes from knowing you gave it your all.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1569. “Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become along the way.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1570. “Success is not an overnight phenomenon; it's the result of consistent effort over time.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1571. “Success is not just about what you achieve, but also about how you impact others. Be a leader, inspire those around you, and leave a lasting legacy.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1572. “Success is sweet but to achieve success, it takes strong work ethics, continuous improvement, discipline and determination.” — Adeleke Aishat - Tashia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1573. “Success is the best Revenge.” — Juwel Chowdhury｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1574. “Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1575. “Success isn't about sacrificing your values, but aligning your actions with what you believe in. When you stay true to yourself, success comes naturally.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1576. “Success isn’t measured by a single accomplishment —Take bold leaps, even when faced with uncertainty.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1577. “Success takes action; it is not enough to simply dream. Let your every step ignite the spark that ignites change, as actions speak louder than words.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1578. “Successful entrepreneurs recognise which business elements need to be maintained, and where changes need to be brought about.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1579. “Surrender,Submit,Sing.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1580. “Surround yourself with people who bring mental peace and joy in your life.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1581. “Surround yourself with positive influences and watch your life transform.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1582. “Surround yourself with positivity and tap into the power of affirmations! They can help shift your mindset and unlock your inner potential.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1583. “Sustain joy by anchoring yourself with gratitude.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1584. “Svemir neće sve sam, moraš i ti malo.” — Anonymous｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1585. “Sylvie aced the classes she was interested in but got C's or D's in everything else. Julia had operated her determination like a lawn mower and mowed through high school with the next step in her sights.” — Ann Napolitano｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1586. “Tak ada mimpi yang sempurna di dunia yang tak sempurna ini” — Alvi Syahrin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1587. “Take a moment to reflect on all that you have overcome, all the times you thought you couldn't go on but found the strength to keep moving forward.” — Fatahillah AL｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1588. “Take aligned actions that echo your core values, igniting a spark that inspires others to do the same.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1589. “Take care of your gut. This will help with your intuition.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1590. “Take each day in your open palms and close your fists around it. This life is not done with you yet.” — D. Antoinette Foy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1591. “Take responsibility for your actions and strive to become even better every day — this is the key to lasting success!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1592. “Taking care of your mental health empowers you to take on any challenge that comes your way - no matter how unexpected.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1593. “Taking the decision-making process away from people disempowers them. It also makes them much less likely to buy into the decision, however right it may be. One’s own conscience remains the ultimate arbiter.” — Lama Surya Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1594. “Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter. ” — Stephen King｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1595. “Tap into the boundless power of your core values, ignite purpose-driven actions, and unlock limitless success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1596. “Tapi... karena nggak tahu apa-apa itulah, esok hari jadi sesuatu yang layak ditunggu, kan?” — Windhy Puspitadewi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1597. “Technology is a simple tool that can be used for good or evil” — Dr.Purushothaman  Kollam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1598. “Tell me your sad story that eating you alive, I promise to be silent only God will read it and sort it for you.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1599. “Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1600. “Tell me, if you can replicate any two days?” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1601. “Tell your heart to keep beating and stand strong, and eventually you will bounce back to see colour in the world.” — Kelly Markey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1602. “Thank you for believing that all humans have intrinsic value and that our job has society is to ensure that all are empowered and have enough.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1603. “The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood...” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1604. “The Best Way to Predict Your Future is to .....Create It” — Iman Gadzhi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1605. “The Cause that caused Fear need not appear again. Therefore not fear about Fear” — Dr.Purushothaman Kollam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1606. “The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1607. “The Habit Trip is a means to an end. It’s a practice of treating ourselves, and others, with basic kindness and respect—radical, that.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1608. “The Japanese do not need grandiose motivational frameworks to keep going, but rely more on the little rituals in their daily routines.” — Ken Mogi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1609. “The Key to Success is Action” — Brian Tracy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1610. “The Law of Karma states that neither a drop of kindness nor a speck of evil will go unreturned.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1611. “The MORE you clean up, the more you climb up” — Chidiebere Orji Agbugba｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1612. “The Maker is always merciful.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1613. “The Rest of Our Life Is Going To Be The Best of Our Life!” — Darrell Yarbrough｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1614. “The Sun never sets. It is we who rise think to shine. ” — Earle Birney｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1615. “The absent are always wrong and it is very convenient to lynch Satan in the public square in order to make him responsible for the dark parts of our souls!” — Isa Millot｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1616. “The air resonates with the harmonious chorus of birds, their dance on branches an ode to the timeless symphony of existence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1617. “The alternative to a posture of humble gratitude is one of entitlement, which produces thanklessness toward your own blessings and envy toward the blessings of others.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1618. “The amount and the way I love myself is my superpower.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1619. “The best shield a girl or a woman can have is courage.” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1620. “The best way to get over trauma is to go through even more trauma.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1621. “The best way to live a better life is to do your best while you still have breath.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1622. “The best way to predict your future is to create it with passion and purpose.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1623. “The biggest problem is thinking about the problem and thinking about the solution the greatest solution” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1624. “The blunderer who expects to receive a searing lash of someone's rage , but instead receives a breeze of their tranquilly is swamped immediately with unfathomable shame and misery.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1625. “The brisk wind, flowing river, rocky mountains, dense forest, and blue sky all contribute to my deep understanding of life.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1626. “The choice is ours to act on what we know.” — Bessel van der Kolk｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1627. “The choice is yours..., the way you want to live!” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1628. “The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.” — Ryan Lilly｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1629. “The choreography of life makes us fall, only to teach us to rise through dance once more.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1630. “The clock is ticking, urging us to unite and work hand in hand to safeguard our environment and secure a flourishing future.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1631. “The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1632. “The cyclone ends. The sun returns; the lofty coconut trees lift up their plumes again; man does likewise. The great anguish is over; joy has returned; the sea smiles like a child.” — Paul Gauguin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1633. “The difference between being mediocre and achieving excellence is you.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1634. “The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.” — Habeeb Akande｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1635. “The difference between those who adapted and those who didn't, Gorton said, was a willingness to totally commit.” — Arnold Schwarzenegger｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1636. “The discontent and frustration that you feel is entirely your own creation.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1637. “The downs in life only make you appreciate the ups much more.” — The Britiannic Scribian｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1638. “The dream is as a light, if you do not convert into ambition, then there will be no mission” — Hari krishnan Nair｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1639. “The echoes of falsehood are the whispers of a fearful heart. In essence, a liar is a soul seeking refuge from the storms of truth.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1640. “The effort involved in splitting the wood will be amply repaid by the warmth that it brings to the house. However, at the point that the axe becomes heavy and my arms get sore, the idea of the warmth goes cold.” — Craig D. Lounsbrough｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1641. “The elements of the written word can be purely magical. I read and I write...I inspire and I’m living.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1642. “The emergence of success and recognition is hidden in years of hard working and pain submerged in obscurity; life is not designed to support overnight success.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1643. “The endurance of the Moon pays the best result. The obscure moon by the cloud never stops the glory of the moon.” — Anand Kumar Yadav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1644. “The fall of a leaf is not the end of its journey, but the beginning of something greater.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1645. “The fantasy of today is the reality of tomorrow” — Zeeshan Yaseen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1646. “The fastest way to get over anything in your life is by revisiting it and giving it a different meaning” — Alexander McEwen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1647. “The first mistake is an opportunity to LEARN. But if you don’t use that experience to make a better decision next time, then that’s not an innocent mistake — it's NEGLIGENCE.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1648. “The first place where self-esteem begins its journey is within us.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1649. “The first thing we are given, life itself, is the privilege of all privileges. Whatever else life brings us, having it at all should fill us with humility and gratitude.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1650. “The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.” — James Oppenheim｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1651. “The formula to end burnout is straightforward: maximize your passion and minimize your void.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1652. “The freighting thing about pursuing the truth is that all the lies that you’ve been surrounded with first must fall.” — Terry Keys｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1653. “The frustration of the customer grows exponentially. It’s best resolved at the bottom of the curve.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1654. “The future is a feast prepared from the fruits of today's labor.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1655. “The future is greatly different than your life now, the actions that you take must also be greatly different. You cannot do the same thing and get something different.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1656. “The gift of life is too precious, do not live your life under the pressure of someone who misdirects you from your purpose.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1657. “The gift of life must not only be received, it must also be highly prized because it is precious.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1658. “The good men of every age are those who go to the roots of the old thoughts and bear fruit with them.” — Friedrich Nietzsche｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1659. “The gospel is the good News of God.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1660. “The grave tragedies we’ve experienced can help motivate us to unite for a better world.” — Donna Maltz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1661. “The great beauty in the English language, innumerable ways of continuing the graphic with explosive, the lyrical, the loving with the spiritual – like dogs nuzzling, cleaning, co-piloting thoughts into the ether of creativity.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1662. “The great deliver is the Divine Being.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1663. “The great lie of youth: that it will last.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1664. “The greatest feeling in the world to me is triumph.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1665. “The greatest happiness is a quiet kind. It’s the tender understanding that we’re living in a very strange place full of strange creatures. And there’s quite a bit of wonder in that.” — F.K. Preston｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1666. “The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1667. “The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1668. “The greatest part of a writer’s time is spent in reading, in order to write. A man will turn over half a library to make a book.” — Samuel Johnson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1669. “The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1670. “The greatest risk in life is not taking any risks at all. Step outside your comfort zone and watch yourself soar.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1671. “The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1672. “The greatest winners were once losers” — Adrien Malcolm Pierre｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1673. “The hardships of life can never be avoided completely. We must be ready to deal with whatsoever happens on this journey.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1674. “The healing process, in my opinion, is carried out via a sequence of processes abbreviated as AIR; A - Admitting that you're broken. I - Identifying your shattered and distorted areas R - Repairing it with a hopeful and constructive attitude.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1675. “The heights charm us, but the steps do not; with the mountain in our view we love to walk the plains.” — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1676. “The human brain is capable of doing more than just thinking about earning bread and butter. Live your life to the fullest so that you won't regret it in future. Travel, explore, Learn, create, and help!” — Shankar Jha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1677. “The inner craving of success will help you achieve your goals and rise above all...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1678. “The irresponsibility of others must not hinder us from doing what is right and good.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1679. “The journey of life is not about arriving at a destination, but about discovering the beauty and meaning along the way.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1680. “The journey of life is not always smooth. Pray for the courage to continue, even when things get hard.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1681. “The journey of your life begins the moment you start living out your vision” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1682. “The kind of seed sown will yield the same type of fruit.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1683. “The legacy we leave behind is not measured by our wealth but by how well we have nurtured and protected our environment.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1684. “The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1685. “The linchpin for successful change is in the reward. The reward for a new routine has to be pleasurable, and it has to be quick. If the payoff takes too long to arrive or doesn’t feel good, odds are you won’t stick with it.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1686. “The magic to recruiting is going to where the people are, and the people are living on social media.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1687. “The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” — Confucius｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1688. “The mercy of the Maker must be reflected upon every morning.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1689. “The modern job market is like a game of musical chairs. You need to be the one with a chair when the music stops, or you're out of luck.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1690. “The moment today is a memory tomorrow.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1691. “The moment you learn not to quit, you’ve already achieved something.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1692. “The monkeys solved the puzzle simply because they found it gratifying to solve puzzles. They enjoyed it. The joy of the task was its own reward.” — Daniel H. Pink｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1693. “The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.” — Jay     Long｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1694. “The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1695. “The more you try, the more you learn. The more you learn, the more you grow. The more you grow, the closer you get to your destination. Don't let failure stop you from trying again.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1696. “The most beautiful things I see are when my mind is the calmest.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1697. “The most beautiful things are unseen but can be felt.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1698. “The most contented man is one who has control over his desires.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1699. “The most incredible service you can render to yourself is to clearly define WHY you are here and live it out.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1700. “The most successful people are full of enthusiasm. There is an unmistakable fire in their eyes. They speak and act with passion.” — Wayne Gerard Trotman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1701. “The mountains may appear intimidating and insurmountable, but each step we take towards them teaches us more about our strength and fortitude.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1702. “The mud-lusciousness of spring is a reminder to embrace life’s messiness and to find beauty in unexpected places.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1703. “The next 24 hours is a blank canvas. Your canvas. What will you paint on it?” — Paddick Van Zyl｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1704. “The noble thing about life is that, in different ways, it treats everyone the same.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1705. “The older we get, the more our eyes hold, the more expressive it gets!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1706. “The only easy day was yesterday.” — US Navy SEALs｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1707. “The only one who can give final assent to your victimhood is you.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1708. “The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.” — Harry Golden｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1709. “The only thing wrong with trying to please everyone is that there's always at least one person who will remain unhappy. You.” — Elizabeth Parker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1710. “The opportunity window is always open, but it is up to us to decide whether to seize it or let it pass.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1711. “The ordinary man gets motivation from power and fame. The superior finds motivation in meaning and work itself.” — Maxime Lagacé｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1712. “The pain of losing a friend is like a tear in the fabric of our heart, a reminder of the beautiful threads of connection that once bound us.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1713. “The passion and excitement that I get from life, when immersed in studying something weird or unconventional, is amazing. It feels as though I’ve found a new toy to play with.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1714. “The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1715. “The people who would disrespect you without knowing you are not the kind of people whose respect means anything.” — L. Spurlo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1716. “The person that you are today is a direct consequence of the cumulative choices that you have made over the course of your life.” — DJ Bwakali｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1717. “The poor themselves can create a poverty-free world. All we have to do is to free them from the chains that we have put around them!” — Muhammad Yunus｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1718. “The power is yours if you seize it – make sure each move you take moves you closer to your goals.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1719. “The power of contentment is the grace of cheerfulness.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1720. “The power of the brain is stronger than the pain” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1721. “The price of the secret of your success has been paid by someone; ride on their ladder.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1722. “The privileges of the Nobles of the Sword are not democratic ... Across the country, peasants have been burning crops and châteaux. If the King does not willingly change taxation, I fear commoners and peasants will force him.” — Debra Borchert｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1723. “The problem isn’t that I think so highly of myself. It is just that you think so little of yourself. Live life BIG, BOLD and OUT LOUD!” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1724. “The quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of his chosen field of endeavor.” — Vince Lombardi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1725. “The quest of one man is the quest of all mankind.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1726. “The real architect of a life is the hard and almost impossible circumstances one faces.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1727. “The realisation has to come from within you. That’s how it becomes self-realisation. So does motivation.” — Vikrmn: CA Vikram Verma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1728. “The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1729. “The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.” — Dewayne Owens｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1730. “The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1731. “The rise of spiritual entrepreneurship will bring massive innovation to solving the world’s most pressing problems in unique ways.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1732. “The road to success is always under construction” — Lily Tomlin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1733. “The secret to success? Replace stress with ease, take consistent action toward your goal, and enjoy the ride!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1734. “The seeds of transformation are found in the darkest moments, for it is in adversity that we find our true strength.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1735. “The sensation of dance guides and heals, and magnifies what you feel.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1736. “The simple ineluctable truth is that desire has no bearing on our duties.” — Johnny Firic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1737. “The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them. If your dreams do not scare you, they are not big enough.” — Ellen Johnson Sirleaf｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1738. “The smile on a child's face is the most priceless thing in the world. Never let the child inside of you die, and make sure to look after it whenever it needs something. You would improve everything if you had a kinder heart. Happy Children's Day!” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1739. “The smug grin of a thought well described, the laughter as others connect with the thought well received, a light of recognition, a delight of recognition switched on, triggered by words.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1740. “The sounds of music have dimmed into a self-censored silence. We pause, we gaze for far too long at the markets from a broken window where Kabul's finest orchestras weeks ago were still learning to play. We linger, remembering what used to be.” — Hollie McKay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1741. “The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.” — Bruce Lee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1742. “The state of your mind is in your hands. You can choose to make it a place of hell or heaven, suffering or happiness, loneliness or solitude.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1743. “The storm that chases is the storm that revels ~” — Patricio Telman Chincocolo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1744. “The strongest of all psychic forces in the world is unsatisfied desire.” — John Cowper Powys｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1745. “The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1746. “The struggle is not a sign of weakness but a testament to your determination.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1747. “The struggle is the canvas upon which our character is painted.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1748. “The struggle is the catalyst for change and the birthplace of innovation.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1749. “The struggle you face today is the strength you will carry tomorrow.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1750. “The success zone and the comfort zone are not in the same place.” — Nate Hamon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1751. “The successful among us delay gratification and bargain with the future.” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1752. “The sunsets we experience with people we care about are the most beautiful.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1753. “The support of others can get you to the top, but you still you have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1754. “The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1755. “The thing about making butter is that it feels like it'll never be done, almost right up to the moment when it is done. If what you want is butter, you have to keep going, even if you only half believe you'll get there.” — Rebecca Stead｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1756. “The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1757. “The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.” — Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1758. “The treasure of life should motivate you to do your very best.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1759. “The truly terrible thing is that everybody has their reasons.” — Jean Renoir｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1760. “The truth is the truth and the real is the real, and you have the right to say exactly how you feel.” — Vlad Lyubovny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1761. “The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1762. “The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1763. “The voices ring out for us to take sides, and define who we ought to be, but imagine we’re music and all of our hearts sing together to bring harmony.” — Betsy Vail｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1764. “The war to preserve the privilege of mythmaking” — Marvin Bell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1765. “The water doesn't know how old you are.” — Dara Torres｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1766. “The way that you make people resilient is by voluntarily exposing them to things that they are afraid of and that makes them uncomfortable.” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1767. “The weight of our worries lies not in the uncertainty of tomorrow, but in the futile attempt to tether the unpredictable winds of the future.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1768. “The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.” — John Lubbock｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1769. “The whole world's a canvas for our sketchesHorizons as far as the mind stretchesA work of art with soft edgesWaiting to come aliveNow's the time” — Marie Helen Abramyan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1770. “The wise person does not become involved in the multiplication of things, knowing that all phenomena are like a dream, an illusion, a bubble, and a shadow.” — Twitter - @IntroIntrospect｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1771. “The withering wind whispers secrets of change, reminding us that nothing stays the same forever.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1772. “The world is a terrifying place, more than I ever realized. But if I had my whole life to do over again, that's literally the only thing I'd change. I'd stop being so afraid of other people.” — Brian K. Vaughan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1773. “The world isn’t changed by people who are ready.” — Richie Norton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1774. “The worst enemy is the friend who is working in friendship to cheat you, the best friend is the friend who shows your faults to change you.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1775. “The ‘ocean of grace’ is vast and infinite, with unfathomable depths and never-ending tides.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1776. “The ‘purpose’ element of onboarding is where you begin to lay the foundation of success for your new team member.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1777. “There are as many unique paths to self-knowledge as there are souls in the universe. Therefore, one-sized advice can never fit all. One path cannot be judged by another path, and we must struggle to find our own way with God.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1778. “There are four types of motivational forces: fear, dreams and desires, fulfilling big ideas, and transforming the world to make a better place to live. The fear and security, driven motivational forces are in the lowest level.” — Amit Ray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1779. “There are lots of ways to celebrate achievements. Showing them that you have recognized their efforts will help them feel a sense of accomplishment and pride in what they are doing.” — Vishal D Baraiya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1780. “There are people who merely see what is.And there are people who look beyond what is.There are those who swim in the stream of history. And there are those who shape it.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1781. “There are two bases for our decisions: logic or comfort. When we start making decisions around our comforts, our reasoning abilities become weaker, and our comfort zone becomes smaller.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1782. “There are two things essential if you want to enhance your Jedi self-confidence: 1/ belief that it is possible 2/ that self-help is the best help” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1783. “There are two types of individuals— those who crumble under pressure, and those who thrive when subjected to extreme situations.” — Roopesh Tiwari｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1784. “There comes a time in life when beauty has little or no value. That is why you should focus on what is more meaningful—invest in your brains. Do not allow beauty to deceive you; it fades, just like a magnificent building going up in flames.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1785. “There is Saviour, Jesus Christ.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1786. “There is an art to developing people.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1787. “There is no learning without study.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1788. “There is no more compelling motivation to worthwhile endeavor than the knowledge that we are children of God, that God expects us to do something with our lives, and that He will give us help when help is sought.” — Gordon B. Hinckley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1789. “There is no shortcut to success - it takes hard work and dedication but with perseverance, you can become a leader who draws in quality people.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1790. “There is nothing I fear as much as idleness - unemployment - inertia - lethargy of the faculties - when the body is idle, the spirit suffers cruelly” — Charlotte Brontë｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1791. “There is nothing more beautiful than a blue sky and fresh air. Be one with the sky.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1792. “There is nothing that works out for the worst that won't work out for the better.” — Karldon Okruta｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1793. “There is only one direction in life: forward and not backward.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1794. “There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: fear of failure.” — Paulo Coelho｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1795. “There should be no shame in openly saying, I want this. There should be no shame in not knowing what one wants.” — Caleb Azumah Nelson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1796. “There were three things sought by invaders who crossed oceans to discover America. Those were gold, gospel, glory. There are four things sought by aliens who crossed heavens to discover planet earth. Those are gold, gospel, glory, gene.” — Toba Beta｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1797. “There will be fewer problems in life if we cease to entrust problematic people with the development of solutions.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1798. “There's always going to be someone better than you at something, but remember that for someone Else, you might be the person that is better than them” — Günther Schepp Larenas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1799. “There's no such thing as a bad person; Just look at yourself, for example.” — pfano percy rathogwa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1800. “There's only one person better than you, and you see them in the mirror every single day. Never stop being you.” — Hissam Effendi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1801. “There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you.” — Orson Scott Card｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1802. “There’s no school of life where one can get certified. Yet it offers the same courses with a different set of tests for each person alive.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1803. “These eyes... hypnotize!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1804. “They don’t give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1805. “They say my future is my choice, but it doesn’t feel like that.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1806. “They say that success is a journey, not a destination. But let's be real, the destination is pretty sweet - especially if it comes with a six-figure salary and a company car.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1807. “They say when you put language to something, it creates meaning. Language creates the ability for someone to communicate and explore an idea more fully in a way that is not possible without language.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1808. “They think they can keep me out, but it does not matter how many locks they hang at the entrance. There is always another door. — The Thief Who Stole the Stars, by Tristan Chirsley” — Marie Lu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1809. “Things do not happen TO you. They happen THROUGH you.You are the co-creator of everything in your reality.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1810. “Things may get hard sometimes, but the most important thing is to make a difference in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1811. “Things may not be going well in your life, but you are still alive. That is all that matters. Look for every opportunity possible to find happiness in your path.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1812. “Things that aren't important, that have nothing to do with winning and losing, don't have to be a rule.” — Peter Richmond｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1813. “Think every possible way to be an entrepreneur as the future to your success can be built by you alone!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1814. “Think of the patience God has had for you and let it resonate to others. If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1815. “Think outside the box, then think outside that one.” — Craig D Washington｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1816. “This IWD, while toasting and celebrating fabulous womanhood let's not forget to salute mother of all, a great woman, NATURE for her evergreen care, gifts and unconditional love. Happy International Women's Day, beautiful beings!” — RESHMA CHEKNATH UMESHk｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1817. “This life does not have a best friend. It only has voyagers who travel from their date of birth until their date of death.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1818. “Those who dedicate themselves to planting and nurturing culture, people and organisation will reap significant growth and change.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1819. “Those who don't do, bark. Those who are humans, do.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1820. “Those who don't lift, laugh. Those who are humans, lift.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1821. “Those who make it in life are those who seize opportunities, not those who are opportunists.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1822. “Those who stand up and do what is right. Those who shine their light so others can find the right path. Those who make life a little easier with their time, talent and treasure. deserve all the good things in life!” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1823. “Those who wish to readalways find a book,there’ll new chapters, new pagesand new journey to embark on.” — Shaa Zainol｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1824. “Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1825. “Thou must gather thine own sunshine.” — Nataniel Howthorne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1826. “Though I’m curious as hell, I’m also afraid of what the answer might be.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1827. “Though our loved ones may push us towards success, it is often our enemies who drive us to secure the final nail in the coffin of our accomplishments.” — Shabira Banu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1828. “Though the physical appearance changes, the soul remains constant. In this way, everything changes around us, but nothing ever changes. The essence was always the same.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1829. “Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1830. “Through our work and through getting what we need on our own, without depending on others, we can stand tall and realize our potential as humans.” — Robert Greene｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1831. “Through the tapestry of time, love and death stand as the master weavers, altering the threads of our destinies with a tenderness that mends and a cruelty that rends, leaving no heart untouched by their transformative touch.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1832. “Throw yourself into nature's arms when you're completely lost in the dark; it will reveal a new glimmer of hope.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1833. “Till our next generations are not taught about the price paid by our ancestors to retain our identity, the will wind up choosing wrong Heroes.” — Sandeep Sahajpal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1834. “Time dances to its rhythm, and as the sun sets on every life, let us embrace the beauty of impermanence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1835. “Time is a serious phenomena, unending nights and days.Why use finite numbers (calendar) to measure endless time?Man needs a break and some excitement.” — Enoble Asuquo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1836. “Time is a slimy wimy thing,Life is a blessy messy thing.Love is a happy crappy thing,Mind is a mighty fighty thing.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1837. “Time is always new, for dreams to come trueDestiny is yours, to do what you do Change is different, but only for awhileFree will it always, brings in a whole new styleCompetition makes, the fight all worth your while” — Marie Helen Abramyan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1838. “Time is the fuel of life. Use it wisely, prioritize your tasks, and unlock your full potential.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1839. “Time is the most frequent obstacle to change that my clients name. Luckily, it comes in small increments. It can be broken down and taken back in pocket-sized, clever little nuggets: one minute, five minutes, fifteen minutes at a time.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1840. “Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the will to do anything & everything...” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1841. “Time keeps ticking, but chances of success don’t have to pass you by. Take a leap of courage and put your best foot forward - because it is undeniably harder to fail than to never have tried.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1842. “Time should never be killed, time must always be enjoyed.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1843. “Time spent under a burden is often time well spent.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1844. “Time will keep moving even after your life comes to an end. So, make sure you live well and leave a legacy that can outlast your time on earth.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1845. “Time: life’s inexorable weapon of humiliation.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1846. “Times will change for the better when you change.” — Maxwell Maltz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1847. “Tiny changes. Remarkable results.” — James Clear｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1848. “To achieve anything, you must be prepared to dabble on the boundary of disaster.” — Stirling Moss｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1849. “To achieve career mastery, you must first master yourself. Take the time to assess your strengths, weaknesses, and goals, and then chart a course for success.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1850. “To achieve long-lasting success, you need a resilient mindset and an unstoppable spirit.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1851. “To act is to commit, and to commit is to take risks.” — James Baldwin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1852. “To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1853. “To be a poet in a destitute time means: to attend, singing, to the trace of the fugitive god. This is why the poet in the time of the world's night utters the holy.” — Martin Heidegger｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1854. “To be called is to be drawn by something outside yourself, something bigger than yourself.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1855. “To be distracted by the agendas or opinions of others is to keep us at a distance from our dreams.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1856. “To be is to do.” — Immanuel Kant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1857. “To engage in later thinking, one must let go of preconceived notions and consider novel concepts.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1858. “To expect a hospitable world is hubris. Instead, expect the opposite. Expect a world that may destroy you at its whim at any moment.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1859. “To find out if you're right about something, you have to test it.” — Chris Guillebeau｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1860. “To find out who you are, you must also see who you are not.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1861. “To find peace, let go of your rage, lust, greed, guilt, and bitterness.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1862. “To kill it you must finding your body shape with tailors help or tape measurements and follow it with your outfit like clothes that match your body structure .” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1863. “To lead, you need to be equipped, to be equipped entails being passionate about a specific idea.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1864. “To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and small” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1865. “To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1866. “To love dance is to learn how to live life.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1867. “To lovers there.Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.” — De philosopher DJ Kyos｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1868. “To merely survive victimization is to let it consume you still, only bite by bite rather than all at once, to let it loiter in your life and chew at you forever. The only way to truly overcome victimization is to transcend it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1869. “To open the door to progress, close the hinge of laziness.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1870. “To progress in life, I don’t focus on how much I have done but on how much I have yet to do.” — Idowu Koyenikan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1871. “To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation and when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.” — Paulo Coelho｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1872. “To shift, drift, and move, most glorious, is the blessing of dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1873. “To start something, you need an idea and to work on it you need confidence, so plant the idea and let the confidence grow with time!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1874. “To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.” — Dr Roopleen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1875. “To understand another, delve into the unspoken realms, for there, in the silence, you’ll find the authentic tapestry of their existence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1876. “Today is full of potential; all it takes to make the most of it is a little effort. Don't worry about tomorrow until today's work is done!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1877. “Today is the day you choose to find joy, fulfillment and the path that will make your heart sing. It's your choice, never lose sight of that.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1878. “Today is yours to shape. Create a masterpiece!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1879. “Today stretches ahead of you waiting to be shaped. You are the sculptor who gets to do the shaping. What today will be like is up to you.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1880. “Today, I will focus on the present and not worry about the future or how my story will end. The story will end when it is supposed to, and it will end with greatness because it will be a life well-lived.” — Chris W Michel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1881. “Today’s work is the key to tomorrow’s happiness. Yesterday’s regret is the lock to today’s potential.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1882. “Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1883. “Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1884. “Tough as thunder, sweet as honey, that's the motto for a braveheart human.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1885. “Tragedy happens to lots of people. You can decide to let it destroy you, or you can decide to move on.” — Helen Klein Ross｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1886. “Transform from fragmented to a powerhouse with a holistic approach. Weaving core values, purposeful goals, intentional choices, and strategic planning, unlock your potential and become the best version of yourself!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1887. “Transform your life, one habit at a time. Develop daily practices that align with your goals, stay consistent, and become unstoppable.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1888. “Treasure every moment as a miracle.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1889. “Trigger a thought in your mind, thereafter, your mind will create continuity.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1890. “True Elegance is Measured by Simplicity” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1891. “True leaders have an unwavering commitment to their mission, no matter how insurmountable the odds may seem. They are selfless and determined, and they understand that through perseverance, nothing is impossible.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1892. “True strength lies not in the absence of emotions, but in the ability to understand, embrace, and wisely navigate them.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1893. “Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1894. “Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1895. “Trust your gut feelings and go for what feels right to you, which will always be the most rewarding journey to pursue.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1896. “Trust your scars to find who they need to heal. Understand that people will leave your life and make allowance for it, no matter how unwilling you are to let them go.” — Kelly Markey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1897. “Try not to fear what you do not understand. Be open and allow yourself to learn new things in life. Ignorance is truly NOT bliss.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1898. “Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1899. “Uncertainty will always be part of the taking charge process.” — Harold Geneen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1900. “Underachievement has a cyclical nature, and underachieving persons may change their behaviours based on their current motivation and ability levels.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1901. “Underachievement leads to noticeable behavioral changes usually dues to lack of motivation to excel in academic for one reason or the other” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1902. “Underachieving hidden gems mostly require support and motivation to inspire them to achieve more or maintain consistency.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1903. “Underachieving student have a diverse needs” — Asuni Ladyzeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1904. “Understanding why things happen the way that they do makes you better prepared to face them.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1905. “Understanding why you did a thing, he had heard it said many times, did not make it easier to do it. If anything the opposite was true.” — T.M Cicinski｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1906. “Unleash your inner fire, ignite your passion, and blaze a trail that leaves a mark on the world. You hold the power to create your legacy, so rise up, own your strength, and burn bright.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1907. “Unlocking Success: Embracing Consistency and Productivity for a Fulfilling Life” — Moghira｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1908. “Unrealistic expectations are perilous because they are never met.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1909. “Until a child that has issues with learning is diagnosed by "an expert" as having a learning disability, nothing is wrong with that child except that his motivation and feelings about the said "learning" is inadequate.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1910. “Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1911. “Urusan pembaca adalah mengekalkan ingatan pada apa yang mereka sukai. Sebaliknya, urusan penulis adalah menghapus ingatan dari apa-apa yang sudah ia bikin. Ia hanya memusatkan perhatian pada bagaimana melahirkan karya sebaik-baiknya saat ini.” — Laksana  A.S.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1912. “Vainglory, however, no matter how much medieval Christianity insisted it was a sin, is a motor of mankind, no more eradicable than sex.” — Barbara W. Tuchman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1913. “Value the person for who they are, not what they can do for you. True worth is found in their character rather than their accomplishments.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1914. “Value your life. You have been given a rare chance to live; remember that no one else can have that life but you.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1915. “Values flow as blood in organizational culture. Only truthful values can create a healthy culture.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1916. “Vengeance is mine saith my pen.” — Niedria Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1917. “Viața nu e suport pentru artă. Invers stau lucrurile.” — Stephen King｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1918. “Viral Code...I want my dreamsAnd I want them now;Give me my dreams;Only dreams can cure me;Everyone deserves dreamsBecause no one deserves them” — Jazalyn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1919. “Virtually everyone needs motivation of some sort, but when you are in love - that is motivation enough, it turns many into poets and painters, it spurs the creativity in you.” — Bernard Kelvin Clive｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1920. “WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine ExcellentRunners!” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1921. “Wake up to the transitory nature of things – this will free your mind.” — Purnachaitanya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1922. “Walk free from the long shadows cast by small people.” — Fennel Hudson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1923. “Walking alone through nature can be meditative.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1924. “Want to make waves in the business world? Then you gotta be bold, take risks, and always be ready to pivot.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1925. “Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1926. “Waste not a second of the day; count each blessing with dance and music.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1927. “Watching drama play out from afar could seem fun, but it can be very sad if it is in your life. Avoid any form of drama and stay away from those who fuel it with their lies.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1928. “We all glow differently!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1929. “We all grow tired eventually; it happens to everyone. Even the sun, at the close of the year, is no longer a morning person.” — Joyce Rachelle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1930. “We all have a list of things that we failed at. This list is not kept in our mind to remind us of the failure, but it's there so we remember that we cannot let that be the thing we are known for. We must try again - this time, we will not fail” — C Miller｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1931. “We all have different things to do in life. And how we know is that it drives us and won’t let us go.” — Donna Goddard｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1932. “We all live in a myriad of dualities.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1933. “We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1934. “We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.” — Jayson Engay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1935. “We are a shrine to our destiny. What we achieve depends on what we do” — Hari krishnan Nair｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1936. “We are not judged by what we do, but by what we are capable of doing.” — Vikram Suryawanshi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1937. “We are part of nature which has a sequential environment - our current actions will affect our future decisions. The choices we make today, will decide what choices we will have tomorrow to choose from.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1938. “We build a beautiful relationship with love, trust, and respect.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1939. “We came from the earth, we return to the dirt, and we bloom, fade, and wilt in between.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1940. “We can allow life’s tragedies to make us bitter and resentful, or we can see them as tests of our character and humility, allowing them to make us ever thankful, not only for a life but for this very life—for my life and your life.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1941. “We can only aspire to become unshakable when we take ownership for our state of mind and how we feel about situations life hands out to us” — Purnachaitanya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1942. “We can pontificate all day about statistics and percentages and death tolls and displacement numbers, easily forgetting that numbers have names and names have faces. Each face has wrinkles that make up a map filled with tragedies to tell.” — Hollie McKay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1943. “We can't be happy in an unhappy world, so we need to change our surroundings.” — Sebastián Wortys｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1944. “We cannot be in the present if we are still clinging to our past.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1945. “We can’t help the way we’re born. We can’t help what we are, only what life we choose to make for ourselves.” — Leigh Bardugo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1946. “We can’t rely on our own limited vision but must seek to see through heaven’s eyes.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1947. “We can’t simultaneously think of two things.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1948. “We constantly place value on the material world and consider it to be the source of ultimate truth and happiness.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1949. “We do not have money problem, the problem we have as humans is knowledge and wisdom problem, ignorance is darkness.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1950. “We do not just go through life blindly,we create our own journey.Your faith has sculpted you into the human being you have become.” — Judie McCarty｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1951. “We do not need to attend classroom training programmes for everything. Observation opens the windows of knowledge around us” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1952. “We don't have to take our personality so personally.” — Wes Nisker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1953. “We don't meet people face to face,But waste our time on social media's embrace.” — NITISH THAKUR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1954. “We don't need to make longerregret lists. We don't need people thatare very very smart and yet do nothing.We need people that do the things theyalready know how to do. Stop learning and start doing. Motivation, not education.” — Richard Heart｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1955. “We find out what is obviousWe discover what is curiousAt last the puzzle has been solved Into dreams that evolved” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1956. “We find total peace when we accept that, due to our karma, we deserve the good and the bad that is happening in our lives.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1957. “We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.” — St. Francis of Assisi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1958. “We have seen countless sunrises, but their beauty never ceases to amaze us.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1959. “We humans don't regret on what we have done, we regret of how foolish we were.” — Scared Crow｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1960. “We may not be born equal, but we can all make a positive difference in the world.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1961. “We must accept our current circumstances before we can change them.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1962. “We must endure what we ought to experience.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1963. “We must master ourselves unless we'd prefer to be mastered by someone or something else.” — Ryan Holiday｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1964. “We need each other more than ever.We cannot get through it alone,find the hope to move forward and doall we need to doalone,find the joy and beautyaloneto have the incentiveto find the hope.” — Shellen Lubin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1965. “We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1966. “We need something that encourages us to work, we need an intimate aid. This is only possible through meditation.” — Samael Aun Weor｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1967. “We often think of failure as a negative experience, but it can teach us so much if we are open to learning from it.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1968. “We only get a few momentsIn this lifeWe must live and lovethem well” — Alice Tyszka｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1969. “We played the main role in the doing of some things we didn’t do, by saying they couldn’t or wouldn’t be done.” — Mokokoma Mokhonoana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1970. “We're all capable of more, don't let anybody tell you otherwise. Keep chasing those dreams, through hard work you'll eventually catch them.” — Alf Fletcher｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1971. “Wealth and fame may be consequences of success, but they are not success itself. You want to be great? Great. Why?” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1972. “Wealth can be created, but time cannot. The wealth you create is contingent on the time you put in. So, use all your time.” — Daniel Idfresne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1973. “Wealth comes like a turtle and leaves like a wind.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1974. “Wear high hill shoes in hard situations to finish up some stuff it your body language.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1975. “Welcome beautiful let me be your girl on being beautiful with you to make it perfect.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1976. “Welcome in Curve fashion world allow me to walk in to your wardrobe .” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1977. “Welcome in Curve fitness and sports room w'll play and train together to be healthy and flexible mostly spiritual motivated.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1978. “Welcome in Curve food you on my kitchen to learn deeply by Motivating and Inspired you in both sides spiritual and physical.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1979. “Well being is a great wealth.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1980. “Were you born to obey?” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1981. “We’re all on our own journey, so never forget to love yourself enough and make every moment count.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1982. “We’ve got to make a habit of doing the things that scare us and have faith in our decisions – because in the end, your life really does depend on it.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1983. “What I didn’t realize then was that an upgraded version of my life would require an upgraded version of me.” — Kelsey K Thornton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1984. “What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1985. “What distinguishes the wise from the unwise is their ability to embrace life’s distinctive lessons.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1986. “What do you mean by "Back in my day?" Today is your day. So is tomorrow.” — Nate Hamon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1987. “What do you want to do with your life?” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1988. “What drives your buying decisions - necessities, comforts, pleasures, status, or ego?” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1989. “What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1990. “What is an unconditional state?” — Asa Don Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1991. “What is done is done for the love of it- or not really done at all.” — Robert Frost｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1992. “What is fun to you may not be fun to someone else.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1993. “What makes you different is your golden ticket.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1994. “What motivates us? Challenge. What moves us? Challenge. What makes us better and stronger and more courageous? Challenge. Embrace the challenge, people!” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1995. “What others think about you is none of your business.” — Jack Canfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1996. “What right do I have to the blessings I’ve received? None. They are not a right—they are a gift.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1997. “What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.” — Norman Vincent Peale｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1998. “What we want comes from our participation; life does not happen by itself; we must make it happen.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1999. “What we want comes from participation; life does not happen by itself; we must make it happen.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2000. “What you have now, it will have to be enough” — Ali Hazelwood｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2001. “What you stay focused on will grow.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2002. “What you wish to be, be.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2003. “What you’re good at is important, for sure, but what you love is the greatest motivator you have.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2004. “What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2005. “Whatever happens in your life, please stay alive. I believe you can do it. Don't ever give up.” — Moona Hoshinova｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2006. “Whatever life throws at you, what you make of it is entirely up to you.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2007. “What’s a greater joy than to see the one you helped smile coz of you?” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2008. “Wheareas courage allows us to look at our fears, confidence allows us to walk through them even when we're scared.” — Jennifer Guttman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2009. “When God opens that door of opportunity, run through it full speed.” — Robert Griffin III｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2010. “When I want to do a thing I always can do it.” — Brothers Grimm｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2011. “When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2012. “When a presumptively heterosexual man makes gratuitous transfers of money to a woman who is not his wife or daughter, it raises, fairly or not, questions about the man's motivations.” — Annette Gordon-Reed｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2013. “When admiring other people's gardens, don't forget to tend to your own flowers.” — Sanober Khan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2014. “When all else fails, go hiking.” — T.J. Burr｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2015. “When all is said and done, more is said than done.” — Lou Holtz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2016. “When consciousness ends, that is where the otherness unfolds naturally as a whole.” — Lenfantvivant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2017. “When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2018. “When everyone we know is a king or a queen, it is easy not to notice each other’s crowns, except when it benefits our self-pity or vanity to compare them.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2019. “When faced with adversity, remember that stars shine brightest in the darkest skies.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2020. “When faced with tough choices, don’t forget that you have the power to decide for yourself.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2021. “When going through hard times, hold on tight until you overcome. With perseverance and God on your side, things will get better. Never give up on yourself, no matter how hard life becomes. One day, you will be fine.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2022. “When good opportunities come in your life, it is not time to sit around. It is time to arise and utilize them so you can prosper.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2023. “When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2024. “When in phase of uncertainty, befriend yourself to a new discovery” — Garry James｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2025. “When inequality takes root, a garden of problems flourishes.” — Chintha Sai Bhargav Reddy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2026. “When it comes to choices, there is no one way our life is supposed to go. Each choice leads to another branch of possibilities and on and on it goes.” — Dee Waldeck｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2027. “When it comes to life, if you believe in yourself and take bold risks, the possibilities are practically infinite.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2028. “When it’s inside, don’t search in the dark outside.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2029. “When life deals you Lemons, go to Miami and trade it for an Orange. They are sweeter.” — Niedria D. Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2030. “When life is perpetually unfair in your favor, it is tempting to believe that you deserve it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2031. “When life seems hard, work hard to overcome those hardships. Yes, it may take a while for the breakthroughs to come to pass, but when you do what you must and do it right, one day you will be super proud.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2032. “When life's got you down, keep your head up... you can't see the ground anyway” — Nicole  Rae｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2033. “When living an unbullshitafied life, you tend to attract the strong and offend the weak. Just do your thing.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2034. “When one becomes self-aware, all mental delusions fade away like darkness in the sky, banished by the movement of the sun.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2035. “When other people’s lives are flourishing but yours is not, do not give up. Not all flowers bloom at the same time. Like a flower that blooms in summer, you will flourish if you persevere during the dry seasons of life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2036. “When someone listens to his heart. Than he Uses a big law of success.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2037. “When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.” — Karen E. Quinones Miller｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2038. “When someone we know is afraid of judgment, we can provide a safe haven for their hopes by telling them first and foremost that we are proud of their efforts.” — Steve  Pemberton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2039. “When someone who is suffering looks to you for compassion, it's indeed a blessing; you are chosen to be their Light in a moment of sorrow.” — Michelle D. Rosado｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2040. “When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2041. “When the murky cloudsBegan drizzling gloomWhen there was nothing But darkness aroundWhen everythingLooked hazy and mistySuddenly there twinkledA starFar away.” — Neelam Saxena Chandra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2042. “When the right people walk into your life, the right things start to happen.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2043. “When things are in order, they're easier to deal with.” — Dr.Purushothaman  Kollam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2044. “When things around you are going south, north, east and west just accept it and work on the nearest destination.” — Agnesh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2045. “When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2046. “When we pray we admit defeat.” — Anthony Burgess｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2047. “When we replace a sense of service and gratitude with a sense of entitlement and expectation, we quickly see the demise of our relationships, society, and economy.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2048. “When we set a goal to make a change and then screw it up, we’re usually just trying to meet a neglected need. If we can find alternative ways to fill those needs, we’ve got a shot at leaving some of those old habits behind.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2049. “When words are less through dance, we express the emotions hidden within.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2050. “When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2051. “When you are certain about your next moves, and aware of your surroundings, anxiety fades away.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2052. “When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you... and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life... and you lead.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2053. “When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2054. “When you are not purpose-driven, anything goes, a purpose-driven man is almost a one-way jacketed man.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2055. “When you are surrounded by those who make life easy, you will enjoy it. But in the company of those who complicate things, life will not be easy.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2056. “When you can leave the past behind you, the future vividly awaits” — Norah Marler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2057. “When you can't tolerate.. Then should skip immediately” — P K｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2058. “When you don't have a mentor you suffer in the hands of tormentors.” — Chidiebere Orji Agbugba｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2059. “When you don't win... You have option to break record of winner in next attempt..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2060. “When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.” — Toni Sorenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2061. “When you feel all alone and in the dark, never give up. When the time is right, life will grant you great rewards.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2062. “When you feel down and out you must reach up and out--to Spirit! Our strength will only resonate deep within your souls if you open your heart and minds with us.” — Jim Fargiano｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2063. “When you feel like your hope is gone,look back for a second and remind yourself "WHY YOU STARTED?".” — Ravevx｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2064. “When you focus on solving the big problems of this world, you will eventually find big solutions for those problems.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2065. “When you have a bad day. Give up.” — Habib｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2066. “When you have a soul sometimes it burns.” — Ben Ditmars｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2067. “When you hide from responsibilities, you hide from greatness and you hide from progress” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2068. “When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.” — Jordan Belfort｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2069. “When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2070. “When you reframe rejection in a positive way, you take away the fear associated with it and remind yourself how strong you are.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2071. “When you start something, make sure that you're willing to take the time to finish it right because, honey, the work you put into it will be more than worth it in the end. The best things always are.” — C.M. Stunich｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2072. “When you start to accept responsibility for the results you get in life, you also take back the power to change your future outcome.” — Kevin Ngo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2073. “When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2074. “When you're ready to start taking ownership of your future, amazing things can happen.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2075. “When you’re on a mission, you don’t need motivation.” — Patrick Bet-David｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2076. “Whenever I'm feeling down, I always think back on all my goals and get instantly motivated".” — Priyanshi Ranawat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2077. “Whenever we reach an unexpected barrier in the way of honoring our souls' truth through action, it is essential to dust ourselves off and keep flying toward our dreams.” — Laurie E. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2078. “Whenever we take a stand, we invite others who are siting on the sidelines to join us.” — Steve  Pemberton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2079. “Where do they go, these dreams of mine? Do they live? Do they die? Do they fall? Do they fly?” — F.K. Preston｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2080. “Where there is grief, there once was love, where the barren fields stand, there once was a river that ran, where the drought remains, there once was, a tender stream that flowed.....” — Jayita Bhattacharjee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2081. “Where there is life, there is hope.” — Alyson Noel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2082. “Where there's a will there are ten thousand ways” — Shawn Stevenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2083. “Where would we have been without the discoveries of our predecessors, and where are we going without your discoveries?” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2084. “Where you find the end is the real beginning.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2085. “Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.” — Anonymous｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2086. “Whether you're facing a challenge or celebrating the little victories in life, know that nothing is more courageous than owning and loving your story.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2087. “Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance, all are equals.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2088. “While it is great to have equal opportunities in life, it is equally important to use those opportunities to make a difference in other people's lives.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2089. “While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.” — Nathan W. Morris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2090. “While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2091. “While you exist, be good.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2092. “While you give your best, then you can't be regerected after being failed.” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2093. “Whilst some people inspire, others conspire!” — Ernest Agyemang Yeboah｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2094. “Who are you? You are your aim. You are a seeker of whatever you seek.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2095. “Who decided being eighteen years old was the perfect time to make this kind of decision, anyway?” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2096. “Who you are is defined by your deepest driving desire.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2097. “Whoever is motivated can go great things.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2098. “Why are you looking outside when it is already inside you?” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2099. “Why be human when you can be a god?” — Dan Desmarques｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2100. “Why be shy? Even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out?” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2101. “Why can’t I change?? Why???????? You yell to the heavens, momentarily forgetting that you are not the leading character in a silent film being tied ceremoniously to a train track by a scurrilous villain with a handlebar mustache.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2102. “Why do we want to be present in many worlds at the same time? Just choose to live in the moment; it’s the most straightforward recipe for happiness.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2103. “Why doubt yourself due to the mere opinions of fellow humans who, also, by nature, doubt themselves?” — Selin Senol-Akin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2104. “Why not’ is more powerful than ‘why’.” — Kaniskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2105. “Why” precedes “How” in all places other than the dictionary. If your why is strong enough, you will figure out how in one way or another.” — Ali Sohani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2106. “Will power can do anything which can't be done by any power.” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2107. “Wisdom comes from knowing the order of things...and you are the first order of your business.” — Elaine Marolakos Edelson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2108. “Wise words doesn't make you wise...It makes you a smart person!Wisdom makes you a gentleman.” — Deepa Gera｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2109. “With a decision and a defined purpose, you can begin work.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2110. “With each passing moment, an infinity of potentialities become just one reality, your life narrowing with each tick of the clock.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2111. “With every word we speak, we have the power to ignite a flame of inspiration in someone's heart and change their world forever.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2112. “With movements of dance, every uncertainty receives clarity.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2113. “With the right attitude, you can turn any goal into reality!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2114. “With your room allawence, this mountains stumbled you to succeed must fall.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2115. “Within every struggle lies an opportunity for growth and self-discovery.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2116. “Within every struggle lies an opportunity for resilience, growth, and personal evolution.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2117. “Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2118. “Without circumstances, there is no change.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2119. “Without desires and dreams, your thoughts do not matter and you can think whatever you want to.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2120. “Without peace of mind, how can you perform?” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2121. “Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2122. “Words are like seeds; what you plant in your mind grows and shapes your reality.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2123. “Words go beyond the human imagination - it grips and roots themselves into your frequency which ultimately affects your energy.” — Delma Pryce｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2124. “Words pen the lyrics of the soul.” — Craig D. Lounsbrough｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2125. “Work for a cause, not for applause. Live your life to express yourself, not to impress others.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2126. “Work hard now so that in the evening of your life, you can still enjoy the sunrise.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2127. “Work with all your heart, because - I promise 0 if you show up for your work day after day after day, you just might get lucky enough some random morning to burst right into bloom.” — Elizabeth Gilbert｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2128. “Worthy goals are always hard.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2129. “Writers create impressions that inspire, stir emotions, evoke questions and sprinkle seeds of awe.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2130. “Writers have influenced thoughts, principals, viewpoints and experiences throughout history. A talented writer’s pen is anointed with magic!” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2131. “YOU are in charge of how you experience life. You get to decide! Choose wisely, but most importantly, choose YOU!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2132. “Yawns are not the only infectious things out there besides germs.Giggles can spread from person to person.So can blushing.But maybe the most powerful infectious thing is the act of speaking the truth.” — Vera Nazarian｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2133. “Yes, my path was a rocky one, but now I can look down on it from the hill with a smile—that is the ether to fill you.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2134. “Yeu only live once.No matter what yeu choose to do with it, it should be worth it.” — Sandesh Hukpachongbang｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2135. “You Are the Master of Your AttitudeYou cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2136. “You and I enjoy a measure of freedom few have ever known, and it was not our blood that purchased it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2137. “You are appealing because you are distinct.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2138. “You are essentially who you create yourself to be and all that occurs in your life is the result of your own making.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2139. “You are exactly where you need to be.Do something if you want something. Otherwise It will be your whole life.” — NITISH THAKUR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2140. “You are far more extraordinary than you have allowed yourself to believe. Every mindset is important, valuable, significant, and equipped with incredible gifts. Our world would not be as enjoyable, beautiful, or productive without any one mindset.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2141. “You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.” — Amit Ray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2142. “You are not special, but you are unique.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2143. “You are not truly yourself until you no longer define yourself in others’ terms.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2144. “You are only presented with one life, and you can either choose to make it better or worse. Choose wisely!” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2145. “You are only right when your timing is right, but you are never right when your timing is not right, no matter how hard you struggle to get your timing right.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2146. “You are pretty now. But if you don’t learn to love yourself, even if you are pretty, you are not truly considered beautiful.” — Junmyeon Kim｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2147. “You are the entire ocean in a drop, not just a drop in the sea.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2148. “You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2149. “You are the source of happiness.” — Srinivart｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2150. “You are thunder and lightning Love and rageIntensity and sensitivity Made of mountains, oceansFire and fierce thingsDreams and curiosityYou are paradoxes and contradictions Some days soft, some daysStrong as fuck Always beautiful.” — Melody  Lee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2151. “You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become” — Bhagavad Gita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2152. “You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2153. “You are worthy of the success you desire and will make your dreams come true, ignite your fire and prepare for your breakthrough.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2154. “You aren’t a jumbled assortment of traits and characteristics. On the contrary, the various aspects of your being are sublimely interconnected.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2155. “You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2156. “You can advance only by being larger than your present place; and no man is larger than his present place who leaves undone any of the work pertaining to that place.” — Wallace D. Wattles｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2157. “You can be dumped or fired by people but God always welcome you to restore smile in your face.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2158. “You can climb the mountain with courage of concentration.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2159. “You can keep pondering on which thing to do first or which path to take or by simply taking action now of most any kind, you may just find yourself on the way to where you most needed to go.” — April Bryan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2160. “You can lose your MONEY. You can lose your FRIENDS. You can lose your JOB and you can lose your MARRIAGE...and still recover...as long as there is HOPE. Never lose HOPE.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2161. “You can only be yourself.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2162. “You can pray wherever you are; God hears every prayer.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2163. “You can stay stuck or go forward, but you can't go back. Don't let your fear of falling hold you back! You've got this!” — Maria Scrivan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2164. “You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.” — Henry Ford｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2165. “You can't change things you believe in through other people you can compromise to see what they put on the table and make a plan to meet with them half way till you certified with their deal.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2166. “You can't control how you're loved. Otherwise you will only get the control and not the love.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2167. “You can't expect change to happen if you REPEAT the same things. You have to REPLACE what you're trying to change.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2168. “You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2169. “You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2170. “You cannot separate brokenness from brilliance.” — Kate Brenton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2171. “You cannot win the battle of your enemy that you respect.” — Chidiebere Orji Agbugba｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2172. “You could have lived my life and I could have lived yours, because without knowing each other I can say that suffering very often shows a similar face when it decides to hit one of us.” — Isa Millot｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2173. “You deserve to create what’s in you to create.” — Keiko O'Leary｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2174. “You don't have to be great to get started but you have to get started to be great.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2175. “You don't need to compare yourself to anyone else - the only person you need to be better than is the one you were yesterday. So take a step back, choose joy, and focus on improving yourself.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2176. “You don't understand how powerful love is until it changes everything you stand for and who you are.” — Sibel Terhaar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2177. “You don’t need to be brilliant, wealthy, attractive, or perfect to make a difference in someone’s life. Just show some concern.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2178. “You exist to be cared for only to a point, and with a purpose: that one day you might care for others.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2179. “You have but one life. You could spend it taking stock of what others have and resenting it, or you could spend it taking stock of what you have and doing something with it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2180. “You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2181. “You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we're not. We always have the power of our minds...Claim and consciously use your power.” — Louise L. Hay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2182. “You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.” — Eleanor Roosevelt｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2183. “You have to be careful when having fun because what is fun to you may not be fun to someone else.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2184. “You have to changed, before you will replace.” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2185. “You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2186. “You have to find power in everything negative in your life.” — David Goggins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2187. “You have to lift a person up before you can really put them in their place.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2188. “You know what's amazing? The fact that every day you probably make someone you don't even know smile.” — Annie Chopra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2189. “You know you have mastered the art of life when you refuse to be the one who points fingers, and decide to be the one who helps find the right answers.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2190. “You may be appalled by your world, but you must be gratefully appalled.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2191. “You may be famous today, but nobody knows what tomorrow beckons. Enjoy your fame, but stay humble – time won’t bloom for you forever.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2192. “You may not have everything right now, but you can choose to make something out of your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2193. “You must daily build your strength in the spirit in order to overcome your struggles.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2194. “You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2195. “You never fail to make my smile bigger than it is” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2196. “You should motivate yourself, NOW!” — Vergil｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2197. “You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2198. “You think this mountains is bigger than God? Think again!” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2199. “You touch some of the reasons for my going, not for my staying away.” — Charles Dickens｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2200. “You will be continuous growing ,while you start blaming yourselves..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2201. “You will be prodded, pushed. Tested. You will be bumped up against the Great Wall of Uncertainty again and again-the question on the tongue of the universe always the same-who are you?” — Julian Aguon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2202. “You will encounter many challenges in life. But you must never be defeated by the challenges.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2203. “You will inevitably go through pain. Do not let it take your life down the drain. Do something of value, regardless of the pain and focus on the things you can still gain.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2204. “You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him.” — Lou Holtz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2205. “You're capable of pushing boundaries, taking risks, and looking beyond external validation. Dare to step into uncharted waters and be brave enough to realize the extraordinary potential within you!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2206. “You're going to find the people that make it work NEVER quit, quitting is NOT an option.” — Bob Proctor｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2207. “You're never ready for what you have to do. You just do it. That makes you ready.” — Flora Rheta Schreiber｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2208. “Your Children will See What You're All About by What you Live rather than What you Say.” — Med Reda｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2209. “Your action - A hastiness lead to regret, but patience and empathy leads - to peace and happiness.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2210. “Your aim is not just what you train your eye on; it is how you train your eye.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2211. “Your attitude decides your victory, follow your intent, plan your strategy and win the rewards of life...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2212. “Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2213. “Your dreams have an expiration date if you don’t act on them.” — Antonio Neves｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2214. “Your failures are your assets, make sure you remember it when you fail and especially when you are trying to succeed” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2215. “Your goals are within reach – take control of your destiny and manifest greatness through action-driven progress.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2216. “Your hopes, dreams and aspirations are legitimate. They are trying to take you airborne, above the clouds, above the storms, if you only let them.” — William James｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2217. “Your joy is directly proportional to the efforts you put in, so hold ur expectations to the size of your efforts.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2218. “Your legacy is not simply a matter of what you do but a matter of who you do it for.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2219. “Your life is your kingdom, and you're the ruler. Don't let anyone else take the throne.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2220. “Your life, your rules. Don't let anyone else write your story. Be the boss of your own life and set your boundaries high.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2221. “Your mind is like a magnet, drawing thoughts and experiences that are consistent with your beliefs and emotions.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2222. “Your mindset touches nearly every aspect of your life, yet for the most part, you don’t realize it exists, or that most people come equipped with a different mindset than you.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2223. “Your only limitation is your willingness, which prevents you from exceeding your limit.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2224. “Your only limitations are the ties you allow to bind you.” — Saundra Dalton-Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2225. “Your opinion is not my reality.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2226. “Your own lamp of light shall seek you happiness in time, always remember!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2227. “Your own life struggles are enough to motivate you.” — Sonal Takalkar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2228. “Your own setbacks aren’t what they first appear to be; rather than viewing them as failures, view them as learning opportunities that are the building blocks for future preparation.” — Steve  Pemberton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2229. “Your past does not define your future. Learn from your mistakes, let go of what no longer serves you, and create a brighter tomorrow.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2230. “Your real investment for the future is not in banks but in your skills. How much are you investing in your new skills.?” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2231. “Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.” — Jay     Long｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2232. “Your success in life will depend on whether or not you are willing to persevere and follow the necessary processes until you get there.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2233. “Your success is your responsibility, nobody else's.” — Brajesh Kumar Singh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2234. “Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.” — Lou Holtz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2235. “Your team are people, your customers are people. If you want to lead, you have to love people.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2236. “Your willpower is equal to your desire. Your actions are a reflection of your will.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2237. “Your words carry strength, your ideas have value, and your presence has an impact. Don’t be afraid to speak up and share who you are with the world.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2238. “You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2239. “You’re only responsible for yourself, Jess. And that’s the only person you can control. Other people will either get it or they won’t but you can’t define yourself by their opinions.” — Susan Mallery｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2240. “You’ve been sacrificing your life for your entire life, and you will continue to do so until you have no more life left to sacrifice. Your only choice is what you sacrifice it to.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2241. “[Team player vs team builder]Players focus on the wins and the loses.Builders focus on the team and future of the vision.Let's move our members from team player to team builder.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2242. “a subtle kind of murder happenswhen parents don’t allow their childrento be the people they’re meant to belove means letting your child just live free” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2243. “check the time and dateit's never too late, pray and have faithlet your spirit elevatedon't wait for someone to open the gatetake control of your life, navigatethe world is yours, break the cursecreate your own universe” — Patrick Cruz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2244. “jika sebuah mata harus dibalas dengan sebuah mata, hanya akan membuat seluruh dunia ini buta” — Mahatma Gandhi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2245. “laughing is good. so long as you are not insulting anyone.” — A Gentlemen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2246. “life never gain by your weight, it gain by your struggle” — K.patel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2247. “motivating people, forcing them to your will, give you a cynical attitude towards humanity. It degrades everything it touches.” — Frank Herbert｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2248. “no struggle is harderthan survival for our existence..” — S S Rai｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2249. “people tend to do stuff because they expect to get something out of it” — Dmitry Dyatlov｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2250. “remember that trying is eighty percent of doing something. So try and don't give up, because not giving up is the other twenty percent.” — Zain Hashmi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2251. “some people live for themselves, good people live for others, successful people live for the present and others to come.” — Champions from Around the World｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2252. “unless I am myself, I am nobody.” — Virginia Woolf｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2253. “usually the threat of death makes people a lot more aware of their lives” — Paulo Coelho｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2254. “we all are puppets under someone's control” — abishek samuel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2255. “we tend to steer our lives in the direction of the lessons we need to learn” — Don Campbell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2256. “you don't have to be great to get started but you have to to get started to be great” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2257. “˝ Not failure, just a lesson I had to learn. ˝” — Andrea Kriksic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2258. “الأحلام التي لا تدفعك للتحدث عنها بشغف هي أحلام ناقصة” — ياسر حارب｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2259. “যখন পরাজয় আসে তখন এটাকে একটা সতর্কতা হিসেবে গ্রহণ করুন যে আপনার পরিকল্পনা নিখুঁত ছিল না। পুনরায় নতুন পরিকল্পনা তৈরি করুন এবং আরও একবার আপনার কাঙ্ক্ষিত লক্ষ্যের দিকে পাল ঠিক করুন। - পৃষ্ঠা ১২৯” — Napoleon Hill｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
