1. “I must admit, that I have learned more from my negative experiences than I have ever learned from my positive one.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2. “The world is advanced only by those who more than fill their present places.” — Wallace D. Wattles｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
3. “You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.” — Sanhita Baruah｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
4. “To ‘give up’ on the idea of ‘giving up’ is the first step in ‘getting up.” — Craig D. Lounsbrough｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
5. “Personal Integrity is a trait that so many people overlook and undervalue, but it's one of the most important qualities to possess.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
6. “Neither lion nor gazelle question whether it is just for the lion to catch and eat the gazelle or just for the gazelle to get away and let the lion starve.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
7. “Difference is not division” — Victoria Aveyard｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
8. “Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.” — Ernest Barbaric｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
9. “With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
10. “If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.” — Rumi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
11. “Self-love is the balance between accepting yourself as you are while knowing that you deserve better and working towards it.” — Vex King｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
12. “Believe in Your Vision because Purpose and Missionare led by Vision.” ~Sherrie Rose” — Sherrie Rose｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
13. “By changing ourselves, we change our lives.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
14. “Discrete environments will be a thing of past. We are moving towards an incessant world - a world of infinite possibilities. Soon we will be entering the black hole of uncertainties. Are we ready for it?” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
15. “Your Goals Your Life Your Choices :)” — Self Writtten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
16. “Not all dreamers are winners, but all winners are dreamers. Your dream is the key to your future. The Bible says that, "without a vision (dream), a people perish." You need a dream, if you're going to succeed in anything you do.” — Mark Gorman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
17. “Second chances are rare and comes with fortune.. thus use the first wisely.Think once!” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
18. “The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.” — Suzy Kassem｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
19. “Beautiful is this choreography of celestial entities dancing on the wings of cosmic melodies.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
20. “Life is like a glass bowl—very fragile. Please handle it with utmost care because once it breaks, it will still have cracks even after glueing it together.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
21. “Life is like a roller coaster, filled with its ups and downs, but at the end of the day it's up to you to find the courage and determination to pick yourself up and try again.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
22. “Life seems to be fashioned and formed best out of the obstacles that seem unbearable.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
23. “Aim higher. You're thinking too small.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
24. “One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
25. “Acumen binds individuals in tangles and danger, but love breaks all boundaries and dangers.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
26. “The ultimate pleasure is found in the calmness of the mind.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
27. “I try to curb my happiness, but a timid smile finds its way out still.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
28. “Whatever you do, do it right. If it comes back to you later in life, you will be glad you did what was right.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
29. “One should be revitalized and reborn at every beat and with each new breath.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
30. “Unpaid efforts in the present accumulate inevitably, to yield hefty interests in the future.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
31. “Outliers are not necessarily uncommon; they are simply not always visible.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
32. “Most people think the biggest sacrifice, the greates act of love you can give is to die for someone. And probably it is. But Sometimes it is the opposite. The biggest thing you can do for someone is to live.” — Sarah Wylie｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
33. “Sometimes you gotta embrace the chaos in your life in order to find the peace in it, ya know?” — E.R. Whyte｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
34. “All he needed was one thing to keep himself together until tomorrow. Tomorrow itself was another battle, but today? Just one thing.” — Roseanne A. Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
35. “The darkness of the night does not mean that there is no sun in this universe; Sadness does not mean that there is no happiness in your life: Just change the perspective, everything will change.” — Jignesh Ahalgama｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
36. “Fear gets feverish, attain such height.Haters go blind, burn so bright.Courage isn't absence of fear,courage is to overcome fear.Birds get jealous, fly to such heights.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
37. “Don't wait on anyone to tell you what you are worth. You have to be the first person who knows what you are worth and who can say what you are worth.” — Cleo Wade｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
38. “Busyness is expensive.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
39. “If you can begin to see your life as a feedbackmechanism that is reflecting who you are, with the ultimate goal to help you live better and more fully. All of a sudden you realize it was never the world standing in your way but your own mind.” — Brianna Weist｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
40. “Trust not in Sprites nor the motivations of a Gnome.” — Jefferson Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
41. “Tidak ada seorang pun yang bisa dikalahkan, sampai dia menyerah--DI DALAM PIKIRANNYA SENDIRI!” — Napoleon Hill ｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
42. “We, as human beings, enjoy freedom of choice.Your attitude is your choice!” — Lorii Myers｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
43. “Different kinds of people getting along can achieve wonderful things together.” — Jordan G Kobos｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
44. “Maybe you asking yourself about your prosperity think about who you’re on getting it, rain is coming for everyone” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
45. “No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
46. “Don't violate the law, but don't reject an idea because it's illegal. You might be able to get the law changed.” — ROBERTH H. SCHULLER｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
47. “Do whatever you can to make the most of the present. It's the only thing you can control.” — Hasan Zia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
48. “The support of others can get you to the top, but you still have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
49. “Self-evaluation helps you identify areas that need attention in your life. So, make time to learn more about who you are.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
50. “If you motivate an idiot, you will end up with a motivated idiot” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
51. “Courage is critical in any circumstance.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
52. “Live life with a purpose and live it full out.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
53. “The power of confidence is to start believing in yourself and increase your potential to be who you want to be...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
54. “If you are not curious about the world around you I suggest you get curious. Without curiosity, you are the living dead.” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
55. “Where there is hope, there is a way forward. The light of hope can illuminate even the darkest of times and point us toward a brighter tomorrow.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
56. “Clarity is not just a state of mind, it's a force of nature that drives you towards your goals with unwavering focus and purpose. Embrace it, harness it, and let it propel you to your next level.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
57. “When nothing goes right, you have to face forward and take it on head first.” — Kyo Shirodaira｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
58. “Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
59. “Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.” — Michelle D. Rosado｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
60. “Outside influences cannot bring the peace you crave; you must find peace from within.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
61. “Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.” — Helen Keller｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
62. “Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
63. “If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
64. “There's a part of you that can never change. That's the inner you. That's your BEAUTIFUL SOUL.” — Verliza Gajeles｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
65. “It is my hope that entrepreneurship can become a spiritual path for many who feel called but don’t believe they were worthy or haven’t been able to find the capital to make it happen.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
66. “The warmth that comes from a kind and compassionate heart is true beauty” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
67. “Life is a beautiful journey filled with discoveries every single day. So, as you go through each day, find ways to celebrate life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
68. “#shreeshambavPlant the seeds of love, kindness, empathy, and compassion, and they will return to you in abundance, according to nature's law. -Shree Shambav” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
69. “Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
70. “When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
71. “Lovely Hair = bae” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
72. “Solitude is not loneliness. Instead, they are loving cousins that can both learn from one another.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
73. “Just as a butterfly emerges from its cocoon, your struggles can lead to beautiful transformation.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
74. “Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest accomplishment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.” — Leo Buscaglia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
75. “The reason you’ve been dragging your feet for so many years is most likely because your motivation to change is far less than the powerful force of inertia which is probably due to the comfort zone.” — Binod Shankar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
76. “Deepen your understanding of life, expand your knowledge, and open your mind up to the unknown. You are ready to receive the wisdom and personal growth that comes with this evolution.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
77. “Once you start being productive, dopamine is released in the striatum and parts of the prefrontal cortex. Suddenly you’ll have more energy and motivation to do the thing you really need to do.” — Alex Korb｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
78. “Fail often to succeed sooner - accept the possibility of failure, and use it as fuel to reach your goal.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
79. “Amidst the world’s deafening noise, the silence within us speaks the loudest.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
80. “Every day you have the choice of how you want to start your day.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
81. “be the change you want to see in the world” — jordan sang｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
82. “Grief does not kill the light...it reveals it.....Agony does not kill the ecstasy....it unfolds it......Dark does not extinguish the Dawn...it unwinds it.....” — Jayita Bhattacharjee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
83. “I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.” — Agu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
84. “Your dream is a reality that is waiting for you to materialize. Today is a new day! Don’t let your history interfere with your destiny! Learn from your past so that it can empower your present and propel you to greatness” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
85. “Embrace who you areand blossom as you are.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
86. “Pikiran yang kusut nggak bakalan jadi jernih kalau nggak diatasi sama pikiran juga.” — Yozuck｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
87. “Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.” — Germany Kent｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
88. “Whatever your world is, you are alive, and an incomprehensible number of things had to happen just the way they did for that to be the case.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
89. “Truth is a thought provoking mechanism designed to bring about a virtuous change , but tailored minimally to suit one’s liking.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
90. “You are loved beyond your imagining and always protected and never neglected. Ask for all you need and just believe, what is yours is yours and will never leave, soon enough you must receive.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
91. “When you don’t know who you are, do something, something that seems worth doing, and keep doing that until you figure out who you are, or at least who you would like to be.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
92. “You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.” — Homer Rice｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
93. “Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.” — Bob Dylan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
94. “Confronting your fears is like unlocking doors that lead to unexpected possibilities and personal transformation.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
95. “Once you know who you are, you need not fear being misunderstood, or isolated, or bullied. You won’t care whether others respect you, because you know who you are.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
96. “You can't get first untill learn failures...” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
97. “Make yourself the light in the darkness” — Priyanshi Ranawat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
98. “When yeu win, your success story can be whatever the fuck yeu want.” — Sandesh Hukpachongbang｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
99. “Life is too short to settle for anything less than amazing!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
100. “Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
101. “Our freedom is not a right we have won but a privilege conferred on us by those who sacrificed much that we might have it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
102. “Money, however, is not the only incentive that exists for career advancement, it is also the growth and personal development that one experiences through growing to attain those goals.” — André van Eck｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
103. “Opportunity is where preparation meets toil” — Hari krishnan Nair｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
104. “Create your own destiny by staying true to yourself— find inspiration from within fueled by self-belief and unstoppable determination!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
105. “The five magicians, a motivational book that will change you forever. If you want to be successful and see the path that leads to it, you must read this book, written with great skill by Bruis Cabilio. The book is available on Amazon.” — Bruis Cabilio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
106. “Endings are overrated.” — Damyanti Biswas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
107. “Everyone has moments of weakness. But that doesn't make you weak.” — Katie Alender｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
108. “Motivation is the fuel, necessary to keep the human engine running.” — Zig Ziglar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
109. “Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
110. “You can do everything, this is not useful for you. if you don't believe it” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
111. “The mercy Maker is the Mighty One.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
112. “Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.” — Bangambiki Habyarimana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
113. “Justice is the delusion of the self-entitled. To desire it is to desire a world that is not this world.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
114. “Seek what you cannot achieve, and you will find what you can.” — Sapho Economides｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
115. “Small wins lead to a big mindset shift - from 'I can't' to 'I can'. Celebrate them all.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
116. “Puddle-wonderful moments are like rainbows after a storm. They remind us that there is beauty in every situation.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
117. “Let "them" sleep on you. Just make sure YOU never do. You are your own muse.” — Sanjo Jendayi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
118. “Friends are Family and Family is Bae” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
119. “Awkwardness is the new adventure, and growth is our guiding star.” — Sara Yahia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
120. “Trust, communication, and a willingness to grow together indefinitely, which are the pillars of a genuine relationship, are the foundations of a true relationship.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
121. “Don't let the hustle and grind of life cloud your judgment - take the time to understand what works best for YOU and craft a plan that aligns with your goals.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
122. “The risk from all ventures makes the outcome shine more brightly; the higher the risk the higher the brightness.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
123. “The workplace is like a battlefield, and you need to be a warrior to survive. So arm yourself with knowledge and fight for your place in the corporate world.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
124. “We are never fucking brave enough.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
125. “Sometimes we do not need motivation to get started but the realization of a great motive behind what we are set to do” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
126. “The essence of life is to live it, not as a competition but as a race. In this race, you can crawl, walk, or run the best way you deem fit, as long as you are moving forward.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
127. “Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
128. “Orang yang tidak pernah dibakar panas mentari, mustahil menghargai rimbun berteduh - peribahasa Turki.” — Hasrizal Abdul Jamil｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
129. “All my problems bow before my stubbornness.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
130. “Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become in the process.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
131. “I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
132. “Within the sanctuary of love, life finds its purpose, and every heartbeat becomes a testament to the profound beauty of existence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
133. “Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
134. “The successful entrepreneur manages to strike the right balance between preservation and renewal.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
135. “Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.” — Zig Ziglar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
136. “Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.” — Teri Hatcher｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
137. “It is hard to define life entirely, but what I know about life is that it will give you a chance to define yourself. So do your level best to put yourself out there.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
138. “The outcome of a day with white spaces is far greater than a packed day extending to long working hours.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
139. “Don't let fear or doubt stop you from trusting the process! Commit to your goals and trust that everything will turn out just fine.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
140. “Life is all about making decisions, but it's not the decisions we make that shape our lives - it's our habits. Habits are the daily actions that give us direction and eventually decide where we end up. So choose your habits wisely.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
141. “Debt is like ice. Icebergs are dangerous, but once you apply a bit of heat (attention), the giant insurmountable force becomes something harmless that you can put in a cup and drink.” — John Endris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
142. “Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!” — Rupa Mahanti｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
143. “Let's wear the flowers of courage grown from the seeds of hope in the soil of our insecurities.” — Sachinda Dulanjana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
144. “Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.” — Regina Griffin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
145. “No matter how crazy it may feel, I found thatfollowing my intuitive hunch is always my bestbet. When we are grounded, it will never steer us in the wrong direction. Acting as our guiding light and divine compass. So don't question it. Trust it.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
146. “You might be dying, but you’re not dead yet, you miserable wretch, now get up and do something before you allow your brother’ssacrifice and everything we all have lost to be for nothing.” — Alex Aster｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
147. “Remain patient in your ways, for with The Universe, there are no delays and your rewards will do nothing but amaze.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
148. “Not money first, preparation precedes opportunity, or else when opportunity showcases itself, it would not be recognized.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
149. “Executing ideas is as simple as taking the first step.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
150. “Many situations in life will make you wise if you learn to glean wisdom from the littlest things.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
151. “Those who are chagrined by their predicaments are incognisant of their higher motivations.” — Mecha Constantine｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
152. “It is always easier to blame Satan for our own deeds.” — Rodrigue Rizk｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
153. “Anxiety and depression are your friends. They tell you there is something undone that must be done, something you must do. They demand action.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
154. “The suffering of one man will sting us all. The happiness of one man makes everyone grin.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
155. “It is better to say No instead of pretending to have all the answers.” — Nitesh Verma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
156. “No babe you're not explained by number for people who love you or what you've done, it how you treat yourself and how you created.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
157. “We do have the option to make use of our time more intelligently.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
158. “Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools!” — Marshall McLuhan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
159. “I ain't that bad with words but I'll let my eyes do the talking!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
160. “Motivation gets us started, determination gets us going and discipline gets us to the finish line” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
161. “Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it, and be willing to grow.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
162. “Sometimes the journey of life can be hard to comprehend. It is like surfing; the best way to enjoy the waves is to study them, know them and experience them.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
163. “Sometimes all we need to do is simply remind ourselves of how good we have it right now and joy would naturally flow within us... Ingratitude is the result of forgetfulness.” — Paikiegha Alex｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
164. “By reacting from fear instead of responding from love, you inject poison directly into the veins of your relationship.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
165. “Can there be one best way to tend a garden, one best way to love, one truest cause for love? No. It equates free will with submission.” — Johnny Firic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
166. “Don't go at it alone, my friend. Look for allies who'll lend a hand, easing the burden with a peaceful flow instead of pushing you into that grind-hustle cycle.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
167. “Pray for power to perform the action.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
168. “The discovery of our calling is a great task; a task that is worth all of our efforts” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
169. “There is a difference between knowing the path andwalking the path.” — Genki Kawamura｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
170. “Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
171. “No one wakes up in the morning and says, 'I want to gain 150 pounds and I will start right now!” — Tricia Cunningham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
172. “Focus on yourself, and everything will focus on you.” — AYMEN Al-Jabarti｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
173. “Unspoken lessons are easily missed or misunderstood, and help unoffered is its own imposition.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
174. “It is our attitude towards our decisions that decides our fate, not the nature of our decisions.” — Dee Waldeck｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
175. “Turn obstacles into opportunities— and embrace failures along the journey to becoming a powerhouse. It's all part of the process!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
176. “In the modern workplace, you gotta be a jack-of-all-trades. Mastering your career is all about being adaptable, versatile, and always learning.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
177. “If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
178. “Do your best to defeat the enemy inside you and you will find yourself wining the heart of your external enemy.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
179. “Believe in yourself and take on every challenge with confidence — your success is something only you can define. Be bold and embrace life's opportunities, trust me—you won't regret it!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
180. “I hug him hard, trying to wordlessly ask for forgiveness.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
181. “The quality of your thoughts determines how far you can go in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
182. “You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
183. “Fear is the Fatal killer of Desire.” — zig ziggler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
184. “We are born alone, live alone, and die alone. We create the illusion of relationship, love, and friendship during the intermittent. A Maya who makes us feel like we're not alone.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
185. “Each time I try, I lose my aim.And the pain startsall over again.It's not an easy target.It's hopeless.But after a whileI start again.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
186. “Progress, not perfection. Take small steps forward each day.” — Jackie McShannon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
187. “I find that those who have the most to lose are the most motivated” — Brothers Grimm｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
188. “Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,” — E.A. Bucchianeri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
189. “The greatest support you can get from a well-wisher is one question, “do you THINK you can do it"?” — Enoble Asuquo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
190. “Be the leader who ignites positive change and inspires a collective drive toward success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
191. “Though we may impress by sharing the best versions of ourselves, it’s only with sharing authentic stories that we truly can connect as human beings with others.” — Antonio Neves｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
192. “Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
193. “Nature's secret is simplicity and patience.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
194. “I've made plenty of mistakes in my day, but one thing I've learned is that you never have to make the same mistake twice.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
195. “Exude power when you should, not when you can !!” — Sugandha Rajpal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
196. “No matter what life throws your way, choose to be a much better person today than you were yesterday.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
197. “At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
198. “Success comes when you pair dreaming with doing – don't get lost in thought without putting in the work to make your dreams a reality.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
199. “The gentle glow of fireflies, which carries the magic of childhood dreams, sparks our sense of wonder and nostalgia.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
200. “Your dreams are free but the hustle is sold separately.” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
201. “These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
202. “Why leave the comfort of the harbor? Because you are a ship captain, and a ship captain sails.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
203. “Accept situations without hesitation and allow things to flow naturally in whatever direction they want.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
204. “Believe in yourself because that is the actual start to planning and executing your goals.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
205. “Changing a Habit is Never Difficult.Difficult is to Address Your Unwillingness to do it” — Vineet Raj Kapoor｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
206. “It is often the seemingly least significant details of each day that turn out to shape our most life-altering events.” — AY Shih｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
207. “Being yourself is not a failure, it is a win towards your own problems and so fight your battles, increase your inner strength and be tough...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
208. “Once a man can accurately and clearly define his path, follow through the path, the rest of the journey becomes like a miracle.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
209. “Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
210. “Be thankful to thy teacher.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
211. “It will be better to spent our energy on reality; the tangible facts, not thoughts of the past.” — Durgesh Satpathy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
212. “Stress is like a storm, quietly building. If I can remain calm, I quiet the storm.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
213. “You may not have the power to do anything or everything you would like, but you do have the power to do something.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
214. “A restless mind makes for a ruffled pillow.” — Charlotte Brontë｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
215. “If you have a dream, don't let it go unfulfilled. Gather the courage to believe in your ability to succeed, and make the necessary plans to make it a reality." – Shree Shambav” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
216. “Perfect your own powers.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
217. “Your life is your business. Take care of it and treat it like serious business. Do not get too involved in other people’s businesses and neglect yours in the process.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
218. “People with a negative outlook on life are miserable. Instead of being unhappy, decide to see the wonder and beauty in the world.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
219. “Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it by playing small. Aim for greatness.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
220. “The splendour of life is often experienced after you have overcome the challenges in your path.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
221. “Jokes never exhaust, laughter does. Isn't that funny!” — Deepak Kripal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
222. “When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
223. “Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.” — Marilyn vos Savant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
224. “Though you may value many principles, there is one you instinctively uphold above all others.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
225. “The seeds you planted last year will grow in this year. Think hard on that when you plant again.” — Toni Sorenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
226. “If you want to be happy, try never to be negative. As a plan, it is unproductive and does not work.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
227. “If you don't want to sink, then it's time to cut the negative anchors loose and start swimming!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
228. “I praise the day I reach the end of my rope. That is the day true change can take place.” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
229. “The treasure is hidden in diversity.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
230. “Ako ne uspemo danas jedini razlog smo mi sami.” — Zoran Đinđić｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
231. “Profit begins with passion.” — Aaron Adamson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
232. “Dive into the ocean of adventure, and you'll discover treasures within yourself that you never knew existed.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
233. “More than body fitness in sport you need God's hand he can do better for you to score that goal.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
234. “Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
235. “The young never fully appreciate what they mean to the old until they are old.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
236. “Time management is all about making smart choices. So forget the hustle and grind, and take control of your choices - it's the key to success!” — Felecia Etienne ｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
237. “Your common sense is more important than your rights.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
238. “One small shift in mindset, one tiny tweak to your daily routine — these are the things that can end up driving your future.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
239. “you either be strong or become strong, no other option” — abdellah｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
240. “Are you seeking to be offended?” — Asa Don Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
241. “Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.” — Steve Pavlina｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
242. “Knowing when to let go, and actually doing it, is an essential skill that can be developed. However, it requires you to have a lot of trust in yourself.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
243. “In this life, if you want to be in a league of your own, learn and plan to be your own cheerleader until you become a champion.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
244. “Life is like a tree that provides shade. It is like the rain that waters the plants and the sunrise that makes people smile. It is such an amazing wonder.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
245. “Your creative outflows do not define, determine, or justify your value or significance; they simply reveal that it’s already there!” — Chris Lumry｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
246. “I’m not scared of failing. I simply do not know how to fly.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
247. “The greatest way to be inspired is being in touch with our sources – the creator.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
248. “stay focused on your desires, knowing that you will make it happen so long as you never give up; victory shall be your cup.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
249. “Just celebrate and dance. Life is a moment we are living right now.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
250. “This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
251. “True leaders don't command; they inspire.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
252. “Nature is beautiful because it is simple.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
253. “If you want to know the power of an idea just know, that it can change your whole life” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
254. “Effective communication is the compass of leadership, guiding the way to collective success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
255. “The people within your leadership are a direct reflection of you.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
256. “Moonlight reminds us that there is still light to guide us, even in the darkest of nights.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
257. “The greatest revenge is massive success.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
258. “There will be times when life seems unfair. But the fortunate thing is that it eventually demonstrates that it can be fair.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
259. “Money is just an idea.” — Robert T Kiyosaki｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
260. “It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
261. “I believeI can make itOn my ownThanks to my inherent tendencyTo do miraclesThe Waxing” — Jazalyn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
262. “True comfort cannot be bought with fame and luxury, it must be earned through personal growth and self-acceptance” — Ajaz Ahmad Khawaja｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
263. “Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
264. “The sweet fellowship of prayer gives peace.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
265. “If you get tired, learn to rest not quit.” — Garima Soni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
266. “Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want; until you realize you did all that was required.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
267. “Forget what you have done, Do what is right, Think what you plan.” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
268. “When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
269. “To fathom the essence of life’s beauty, we must plunge beneath the superficial. Real treasures are veiled, waiting to be discovered by those who dare to explore.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
270. “Harsh words spoken to you must not depict the end of your dreams. Use those words to energize you into doing something great. In life, champions are those who are not afraid to fly high, regardless of any attempt to pull them down.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
271. “Man is part of the mystery he tries to solve.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
272. “You don't have to be a hero to accomplish great things---to compete. You can just be an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reach challenging goals.” — Edmund Hillary｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
273. “The tapestry of our existence is woven with the threads of our preconceived joys and sorrows, for it is our choices that cast the die of our emotional journey.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
274. “Every celebration of life begins and ends with a dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
275. “It is as much about input – the conversation of imaginative men (women and children not excluded) has a rhythm, a phrase that follows a thought and precedes the development of further thought ... try not to be a cunt.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
276. “Any dream can come true if we have the courage to pursue it with zeal and persistence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
277. “When you feel like your hope is gone, look back for a second and remind yourself "WHY YOU STARTED?".” — Ravevx｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
278. “RVM Thoughts for Today - "Things will happen.You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse . React Positively. Live Happily ” — RVM｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
279. “You have the power to make your own journey - be kind to yourself, and embrace the risks you take.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
280. “Time, the silent sculptor of fate, moulds our trials into triumphs, showing us that ‘everything happens for good’ in the grand narrative of existence.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
281. “I allow manipulation to find out where my enemy wants me to go. Then I use my mind to break the trap and punish the perpetrators.” — Emory Andrew Tate Jr.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
282. “You tired to call by names through your body size look just change the lifestyle.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
283. “It takes courage to break unhealthy habits and replace them with healthier ones — stick to it, and keep moving forward with determination” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
284. “Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
285. “Prayer is the only power for prevailing in all matters.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
286. “One barn is better than seven half-baked loaves of bread. What matters most is how you finish rather than how you started.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
287. “Don't let the past determine the present moment because it has no power over it.” — Kenroy Givans｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
288. “Busyness draws more emotional energy from our reserves than it fills back.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
289. “Bad company will destroy you. For eg. Mercury destroy gold.” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
290. “People over profit always.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
291. “Style can leave someone speechless but I suggest you focus on that Smile!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
292. “You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.” — Lou Holtz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
293. “Master the mind with meditations.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
294. “To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
295. “You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
296. “The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
297. “Sometimes you're drowning yourself in your own words.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
298. “The lion never fears to walk alone.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
299. “Meaning is not found in passivity. You must track it down with fervent pursuit and fierce endurance. Meaning must be earned.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
300. “Apunta a la luna y si fallas, al menos estaras entre las estrellas.” — Cecelia Ahern｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
301. “You cannot ‘fit yourself in’ to greatness. This can only be done by embracing and pursuing your biggest dreams and desires.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
302. “Sometimes you gotta lose a few people to succeed.” — Robbie J｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
303. “Be careful on two face people the truth is will disturb you and make your life boat sink.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
304. “In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
305. “Тяжело бремя жизни": не прикидывайтесь такими неженками! Все мы выносливы, как вьючьные ослы.” — Friedrich Nietzsche｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
306. “Feel the Vibe...?” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
307. “We can't see beauty. We have eyes!” — Deepak Kripal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
308. “Negative and positive energy thrives; the different area we channel our energy is the issue and not the energy itself.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
309. “Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
310. “If you want to be happy, you need to set your mind on happiness.” — Ana Kostovska｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
311. “Relationships, like dew on leaves, are delicate and fleeting. We must handle them with caution or else they will vanish.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
312. “How would your life be different if...You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day...You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
313. “If I can't trust you, it doesn't matter how smart you are.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
314. “Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
315. “Treasure good health, give thanks to God,” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
316. “Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.” — Sope Agbelusi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
317. “The power of influence lies within each person, allowing them to build something beautiful and impactful when harnessed correctly.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
318. “Stop surrounding yourself with all the negative energy that does nothing but drag you down.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
319. “While your passion gives you energy, your void sucks the life force out of you like a vampire, leaving you feeling depleted and disengaged.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
320. “Seeing my book mentioned in various interviews and posts is an indescribable feeling. I’ll never take this love for granted.Whatever you’re creating right now, keep going. It’s never too late.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
321. “Bukan melupakan yang jadi masalahnya. Barangsiapa yang bisa menerima, maka dia akan bisa melupakan, hidup bahagia. Tapi jika dia tidak bisa menerima, dia tidak akan pernah bisa melupakan.” — Tere Liye｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
322. “Today is a special day that will go by very fast, so let’s take every second to make the most out of every moment.” — Oscar Auliq-Ice｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
323. “Cream always rises to the top...so do good leaders".” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
324. “Success and failure are derived not from anything you possess but rather by the things you do. Your successes and failures rest on your actions and your actions alone.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
325. “Fear in its role as a protector is good when you have someone waiting at home and you don't want their lives disrupted because of your own adventurous spirit ..” — Ramesh Sood｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
326. “Magic Lasts Longer When Shared” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
327. “Sell what others can't! Always remember... UNIQUENESS IS VALUED!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
328. “No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.” — Brandi L. Bates｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
329. “I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
330. “You can't learn in school what the world is going to do next year.” — Henry Ford｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
331. “Live each day and each moment to the fullest.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
332. “A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
333. “The mind is liberated - by reflecting on oneself.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
334. “Don't be one of those who don't want others to be empowered. Share information. Try to make the next person, smarter.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
335. “The world would change dramatically if people started supporting and appreciating entrepreneurs in the way they appreciate and admire art and artist.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
336. “Being a good leader does not automatically mean being a good entrepreneur, because as such you also must ensure constant change and successful transformation.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
337. “Stop waiting for permission to be great. Own your power, and unleash your full potential. You are the BOSS of your life, and it's time to start making executive decisions.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
338. “A well-planned day makes you a better focused entrepreneur with a greater vision.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
339. “I look at him and see confidence. Well, okay. First, I see muscles, then...” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
340. “Saying someone is lost is as crazy as saying there is somewhere they are supposed to be.” — Brian Gahan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
341. “Nature teaches us to be compassionate, kind, and non-discriminatory.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
342. “Some decisions are not made to live a life without pain but to live a happy life with future gains...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
343. “The only way to crush fear is by confronting it and taking action - so don't hesitate - grab life with both hands and make it happen!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
344. “True humility is recognizing that every being has something to teach us.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
345. “Whatever lay on the other side was unknown but staying in the same place would get her nowhere” — S.E. Palmer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
346. “Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
347. “It is only when you can admit you may be wrong and are willing to grapple with uncomfortable ideas that you stand to grow.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
348. “Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
349. “Your inner wisdom is your friend, and it lives inside the calm security of your Comfort Zone.” — Kristen Butler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
350. “Set intentions and act on them – be deliberate and persistent in order to accomplish your goals!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
351. “True leadership is not about commanding authority, it's about earning respect.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
352. “Happiness is not how many things you do, but how well you do them. More is not better. Happiness is not experiencing something else; it's continually experiencing what you already have in new and different ways.” — Brianna Wiest｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
353. “A determined heart is hard to beat.” — Neeta Ravariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
354. “If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
355. “The world gives way to action-oriented people, you are not successful yet because you have not taken action on the idea begging you for exploit.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
356. “Solitude is the choice to be alone for self-reflection and happiness.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
357. “Maybe the worst reason to do anything. I got scared.” — Vincent H. O'Neil｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
358. “Direction is better than speed.” — Chidiebere Orji Agbugba｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
359. “If you want to keep everything good. So always keep your mind good.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
360. “Its simple. Do the work to get the perk” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
361. “Extremely complex individuals are not here to be understood. They are here to be felt on a profound level. Whether that's through their existence or their creations. That is something that they will have to come to terms with in their lifetime.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
362. “The goal of every great business leader should be to build products and services that they are proud of.” — abhinavsr abhinav srivastava｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
363. “When you get home this evening, when this day is over and the night takes us, allow yourself a deep breath because we made it through this day as well. There will be another one along tomorrow.” — Fredrick Backman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
364. “When we get comfortable, we stop growing. When we stop growing, we start dying.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
365. “Silence and Smile: Those are two powerful weapons.” — Brajesh Kumar Singh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
366. “Don't forget who you are and what you stand for - you are the boss of your life, and no one can cross your boundaries unless you let them.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
367. “Healthy can be unhealthy too.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
368. “What we perceive about ourselves is greatly a reflection of how we will end up living our lives.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
369. “People who go to work primarily for their income are eager to put in the effort required for it. But people who believe in the company and its purpose are emotionally committed and want to contribute effectively.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
370. “Charisma without character is like fire without heat, it doesn't burn anything.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
371. “Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT” — Pablo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
372. “Shame and blame should have no place in our body, mind, or spirit.” — Asa Don Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
373. “The best leader cannot provide the necessary constant renewal if he or she lacks entrepreneurial skills.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
374. “Khud se jeetne ki zid h khudko hi hrana h ,M bheed nhi hu duniya ki mere andar zamana h.” — Dr. Abhimanyu Kumawat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
375. “If you believe ,you can."But work hard to believe".” — Divyansh Mishra DM｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
376. “OPTIMIZE YOUR MIND” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
377. “A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
378. “Secrecy is the best way to show people your results!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
379. “Take a moment. Breathe. Slow Down. Let Go. Experience the calm.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
380. “There are people who are waiting to be motivated by you.” — Neeraj Agnihotri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
381. “Don't be fooled into thinking that pushing yourself all the time equals progress - taking a break every now and then is just as important, if not more so.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
382. “Float your desire and don’t let it sink” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
383. “On this journey of life, never rely on assumptions; they can lead you to wrong conclusions.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
384. “The best time to save our environment and secure our future is today, for tomorrow may be too late.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
385. “Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.” — Ian Desabrais｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
386. “Lie may last for a few hours, but the truth will last forever.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
387. “It's not the circumstances. It's how you circumvent.” — Monika Ajay Kaul｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
388. “Each day is an opportunity to learn something new. Keep an open mind.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
389. “The world is my church. My actions are my prayer. My behavior is my creed.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
390. “The critics...have it backward: The Qur’an is not the source of the Muslim world’s problems, but its untapped solution.” — Mohamad Jebara｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
391. “What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.” — Bob Dylan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
392. “When you see something wrong happening in the world, you can do nothing about it, or you can do something about it.” — Noel Jhinku｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
393. “Don't waste your time living the life of someone else.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
394. “Stay diligent in your ways; anything you seek with diligence you shall find, and none of your requests to The Universe shall be declined; may take time, but that's because your blessings will be one of a kind.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
395. “The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
396. “If you chronically inhabit your void, burnout is a predictable consequence.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
397. “You have tried to be superior in an ordinary realm. Now you must learn to be ordinary in a superior realm.” — Dan Millman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
398. “Learning is the key to personal and professional success. Embrace it.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
399. “Occurrence is normal, persistence isn’t” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
400. “For once in your life be a total idiot, for the right cause, for there is no righter cause than the cause of humanity.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
401. “They say" doesn't translate into "I must".” — Wyatt B Pringle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
402. “A.D.A.P.T. — Always Do All Possible Things.” — Troy Sandidge｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
403. “The more the merrier to share the Joy that’s achieved when we succeed, but dont forget the ones who held your hands during the Journey.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
404. “To memories is to think with your head; to meditate is to think with your heart.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
405. “Above all, surround yourself with friends who make you laugh, especially if you live with them. When they no longer make you laugh, throw them out and recycle them.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
406. “You create and define your own reality. You have more choice than what you have been taught.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
407. “The Habit Trip is about learning to hear and respond to our bodies and minds, so our lives can feel better and we can help make other people’s lives feel better. It’s subversive shit, I tell you.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
408. “Each of us has only one life, unique from every other, and we all have reason to ask, “Why me?”, not in bitterness or despair but in awe and gratitude.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
409. “If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
410. “Happiness lies in peace, it can take us a minute or even years to accept this fact.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
411. “Hang out with your beliefs” — Gino Norris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
412. “Invest your energy in the things you can control.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
413. “One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.” — TemitOpe Ibrahim｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
414. “Believe in yourself and you'll be unstoppable, for within you lies infinite potential.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
415. “The ability to stay calm and focused in the midst of change is what distinguishes great leaders from those just collecting a paycheck.” — Todd Stocker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
416. “Don't wait for the right moment. Just get started and learn along the way.” — Garima Soni - words world｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
417. “Focus on one thing and be blind for everything else so that the whole world can see you shining.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
418. “Your circumstances do NOT define you. Expect a GRAND finale.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
419. “Either you run the day or the day runs you..” — Jim Rohn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
420. “Rise and rise again until lambs become lions” — Robin Hood｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
421. “You help yourself when helping another; continue to serve; you shall soon receive the glory you deserve, and all your blessings, which have been in reserve.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
422. “Seize the wind," I whispered. "Don't become the kite that never flies.” — Elizabeth Lim｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
423. “I can’t think of anything more disheartening than living a life without a clear purpose.” — Daniel Willey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
424. “Fill your life with experiences, not things. Have stories to tell, not stuff to show. Write to express not to impress.” — Abhysheq Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
425. “Small wins lead to big victories! Let's celebrate each milestone on our journey to success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
426. “You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you” — Maxwell Maltz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
427. “When life seems hard, the courageous do not lie down and accept defeat; instead, they are all the more determined to struggle for a better future.” — Queen Elizabeth｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
428. “Action is traction.” — Rob Liano｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
429. “If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.” — Henry Ford｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
430. “Live as many lives as you can.” — Sanober Khan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
431. “A legacy, by definition, must matter to others, because a legacy is something you leave behind—you won’t be here anymore to think it’s important.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
432. “The actions will help you to go after what you want to achieve. Remember, your focus is on efforts and not on outcomes!” — Noah William Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
433. “Destructive habits are not flaws; they’re coping mechanisms that serve a purpose. They’re survival tactics we deploy to shield us from stress, sadness, fear, grief, and frustration.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
434. “If a mere mortal like me can turn every predicament of life into a testimony of courage; then you can tap into the same power. All you have to do is find that flame and fan it to burn brighter than the force that tries to smother it.” — Kelly Markey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
435. “Sustainable living is the key to unlocking a harmonious coexistence between humanity and the environment.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
436. “Faith is a full surrender to the Supreme Being.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
437. “If you can't help your self, God can help you, if you call on him, so that eventually you be able to do what must be done.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
438. “Take your time investing so much emotion into other people's behavior. Many philosophies instruct us never to become invested in the behavior of others.” — Indirah  Ambrose｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
439. “Everybody wants to be a bodybuilder, but nobody wants to lift no heavy-ass weights.” — Ronnie Coleman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
440. “Liminal space is the norm on the path of a spiritual entrepreneur because the nature of doing something tangible in the world, while maintaining a spiritual focus, requires constant transformation.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
441. “The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
442. “A person who knows dance understands life.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
443. “One act of kindness can change or even save someone's life. Be kind to yourself and others!” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
444. “If you value your time, do not entertain anything that does not edify your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
445. “The collective action of spiritual entrepreneurs and their allies can contribute to creating a world that feels like heaven on earth.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
446. “The true poetry of love resides not in the uttered words but in the tender symphony that echoes within the spaces of unspoken understanding.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
447. “To whoever needs to hear this: It's never too late to change directions. Life isn't a linear path. So do not stifle your potential by staying in a lane that doesn't fit what you want for yourself anymore.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
448. “Your capacity to say ‘No’ determines your capacity to say ‘Yes’ to greater things.” — E. Stanley Jones｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
449. “The most powerful magic of all is choice.” — Sara Raasch｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
450. “Life isn't a struggled to know what's right. It's a struggle to do it.” — Paul Pinelle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
451. “It takes courage to be a champion.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
452. “You can change your Future by changing your mindset” — Jeremy Mcgilvery｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
453. “Start believing in conspiracies, because those who have the power conspire, and they keep their power by having people not believing in conspiracies” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
454. “Don't be too stubborn to change, change is law of life.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
455. “Success is not guaranteed, but neither is failure. Take a chance and see where it leads you.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
456. “Man is not merely born to make money. But to fulfill is mission.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
457. “How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
458. “You are blessed beyond measure and sharing your blessings brings everlasting pleasure.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
459. “If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.” — Rasheed Ogunlaru｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
460. “Do not be afraid of what should be afraid of you” — Constance Friday｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
461. “The IMPOSSIBLE is ONLY relevant to those who NEVER attempt it...otherwise it is ABSTACT and MEANINGLESS” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
462. “Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
463. “If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
464. “What makes the engine go?Desire, desire, desire.” — Stanley Kunitz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
465. “You are a divine being. You matter, you count. You come from realms of unimaginable power and light, and you will return to those realms.” — Terence McKenna｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
466. “Learn to mock your influence on the world or wait for the world to do it for you; you won’t have to wait long.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
467. “Make a meaningful difference in someone’s life. It is of paramount importance to them and you as well.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
468. “Life becomes better when you keep these realities in mind. 1. Your days are numbered, 2. You are not better than anyone, and 3. You can’t just live anyhow.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
469. “The best way to reply is to make them defeated” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
470. “Do not be petrified while looking behind; burn all the bridges! The only correct path is always, ever forward.” — Danilo Vukovljak｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
471. “Tout est possible. Il suffit de le vouloir. Les personnes qui ne réussissent pas ce qu'ils veulent faire, c'est parce qu'ils n'y croient pas suffisamment dans leur réalisation.” — Pierre-Henry Soria ｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
472. “Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
473. “She fell so many times that some of her friends decided that she and this whole tree climbing thing was a complete waste of time. ”She should give up, it's taken way too long”, said one friend.” — Indirah  Ambrose｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
474. “Sometimes you aren’t meant to worry about the 'how'. Instead, you are being called to focus on taking things step-by-step. One foot in front of the other. It’s all coming together.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
475. “Under the spotlight, of the streetlightsThat wait for me to shine Over the moonlight, it feels so rightI'm poetry in motionIt's part of my devotionI play with all emotion Under the spotlight, of the streetlights” — Marie Helen Abramyan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
476. “Become a legacy by building your own empire but don’t forget to thank everyone who was part of your success!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
477. “Wallowing in victimhood only demeans and paralyzes you. Don’t do it. Redeem it instead. Transcend it instead.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
478. “In a world where words are brushstrokes, let your language create masterpieces that inspire hearts and ignite minds.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
479. “On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
480. “Writing is pain relief, or at least pain management.” — Niedria Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
481. “Every style can suit you if you know how to wear for it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
482. “Work hard enough and your dreams will become memories.” — Arian Adeli Koodehi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
483. “Whether they're superior or inferior, older brothers are role models for their younger brothers. If the older brother takes the wrong path, the younger brothers can avoid it. And if I take the right path, my little brothers can follow behind.” — Gege Akutami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
484. “find a way or make your own” — V.E. Schwab｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
485. “Falling back on an old “bad” habit isn’t so much a defeat as it is a chance to play again.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
486. “Beauty is a Treasure while Style is a Fortune” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
487. “Sun is bright sky is clear, ocean calling you to swimm enjoy don't forget winter will come where you'll respect water and being friends of blankets, life is like that enjoy the moment remember the feature.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
488. “Never desire someone else’s life. You have no clue what they have been through. You may also not fully understand what they are going through.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
489. “In recent years, it has become increasingly difficult to digest some situations because of people who make assumptions about life's conditions based solely on screenshots, oblivious to what occurred before those screenshots.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
490. “Difficulties arise to enrich our life with experience by putting our strength to the test.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
491. “Purpose isn’t what you do. Purpose is your reason for doing something. It’s the why behind what you do.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
492. “Meditation is good for sound mind.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
493. “Knowledge is great – it's the foundation for success – but knowledge alone won't get you far. It’s the hunger and passion for improvement that will take you to the next level and stay there long-term.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
494. “It's time to change our perspectives and unleash our inner strength; it starts by recognizing how capable you really are.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
495. “You do not bother to think about the past or the future. Now is what really matters.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
496. “They returned our actions and words to us like echoes in a mountain.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
497. “Get immersed in the beauty that surrounds you. No filters, edits, or adjustments. Experience the colors, sounds, textures and smells within your reach. Live.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
498. “First say to yourself what you would be;and then do what you have to do.” — Epictetus｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
499. “Nothing is permanent in this material world. All that you smell, hear, touch, see, and taste are outcomes of Prakriti and they are transitory - 'One moment here, the next moment it is gone.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
500. “You can realize no significant change without changing your actions.” — Donald Ngonyo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
