1. “People oppose you when you uncomfort them... When you don't reciprocate their actions. Or when you point their guilt. They tell bad things about you exaggerating. You can tell more bad things about them but you don't do it... to be positive” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
2. “Wisdom is available to those who can labor for her, she is expensive and hidden to the lazy mind.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
3. “Professional development is important, but let's not forget about the most important kind of development - personal brand development. Because in the modern workplace, it's not what you know, it's who knows you.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
4. “Making excuses for yourself only leads to continued stagnation.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
5. “I’ve had the whole world at my disposal,The seven wonders for my rehearsal,But that was not enough,It’s tough to describe you.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
6. “The road appears with the first step !!” — Sugandha Rajpal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
7. “One who seeks a perfect friend will find none.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
8. “To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
9. “One glance brought you to your kneesIt was like a trip on a rocket to the moon She threw away fear’s locks and keys By playing to the magic of her own tune” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
10. “In life, some questions do not require you to get answers from outside. They need you to search on the inside.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
11. “Dream big, work hard, and stay humble. Success will follow.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
12. “The choices we make today will either haunt or empower the future; let wisdom guide our actions for the sake of our planet.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
13. “Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen nineteen and six , result happiness.Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery” — Charles Dickens｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
14. “This is your only chance to give life your best shot. Do not miss it at all!” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
15. “Adventure is calling, and it's time to answer with courage and enthusiasm.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
16. “Overthinking is the greatest thief of our dreams.” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
17. “When the efforts made to accomplish it are blinding, success is visible.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
18. “Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
19. “We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.” — Jay     Long｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
20. “Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style” — Cindy Ann Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
21. “Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy” — Amit Ray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
22. “Grateful souls focus on the happiness and abundance present in their lives and this in turn attracts more abundance and joy towards them.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
23. “I cannot let the fear of the past color the future.” — Julie Kagawa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
24. “The purpose of life is to lift up yourself, motivating yourself, and stay optimistic all the time; to be who you really are!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
25. “I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
26. “May you always be filled with joy, no matter what your circumstances are?” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
27. “I will heighten my life by helping others heighten theirs” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
28. “Happiness is the cutest emotion I flaunt with pride” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
29. “A professional is one who does his best work when he feels the least like working.” — Frank Lloyd Wright｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
30. “What do you do when there's nowhere to turn? You drive straight ahead.” — Leslie Gordon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
31. “Where God has spoken, the voice and wisdom of man is irrelevant.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
32. “Why do we so desire fame? Because we desire to matter.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
33. “It’s better to do something badly than to not do it at all.” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
34. “To become, you must first believe.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
35. “When you honour the precepts of life, and fulfil your purpose, you will be delighted by its magnificence.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
36. “Leader, you have to know your why, for yourself and your business.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
37. “Understanding others is a sign of intelligence; understanding oneself is a sign of true wisdom. Controlling others is a sign of strength, but mastering oneself is a sign of true power.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
38. “Strength is found in the calmness of not reacting instantly. Taking a moment and thinking calmly will bring clarity.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
39. “Master the mind with meditation.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
40. “Life offers various lessons, but it is your choice to take them or leave them. If you take those lessons, you will make your way into the world of wisdom.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
41. “English: "Each of us has a meaning, because our decisions influence others through the world." Česky: „Každý máme smysl, protože naše rozhodnutí skrze svět ovlivňují ostatní.” — Sebastián Wortys｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
42. “The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
43. “A Leo is not after a status. A Leo is the status.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
44. “Color, type, and metirial doesn't matter babe you can Rock it with style.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
45. “The true meaning of life is known by the One who made mankind.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
46. “When I have clarity, I can begin again every time” — Leo Lourdes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
47. “What drives a teacher is never what lies behind. At the heart of teaching is hope, and hope looks forward.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
48. “When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.” — Kelly Cutrone｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
49. “Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.” — Napoleon Hill｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
50. “The words of the Qur’an are omnipresent—yet its spirit lies dormant.” — Mohamad Jebara｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
51. “Focus on goals, take small steps, keep your targets in mind & never give up coz there is no shortcut to success!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
52. “If you don't write when you don't have time for it, you won't write when you do have time for it.” — Katerina Stoykova Klemer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
53. “The struggle shapes us, but it does not define us. We define ourselves through how we overcome.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
54. “If every moment is a pearl, are you a pearl gatherer or a crusher?” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
55. “More ominous the night, more spectacular the daybreak.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
56. “Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.” — Chris Burkmenn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
57. “Thoughts can be like a rough sea, turbulent, out of control with low visibility. However, everything becomes clear when the sea is calm, including your thoughts.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
58. “The path to success is paved with hard work, persistence, and a willingness to take action.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
59. “but I have no mind for business and considered staying awake to be enough of an accomplishment.” — David Sedaris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
60. “Be a victor, not a victim of your situation.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
61. “How can we become writers if we do not believe ourselves, first of all, that we can write and that the qualities of a writer can flourish in us?” — Emanuele  Blasi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
62. “Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
63. “Some prayers takes years for God to answer, thereof, keep praying!” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
64. “You're either moving forward or standing still, and if you're standing still, you might as well be moving backwards.” — Josh Hawk｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
65. “Wait patiently on God because the heavenly blessings he gives are permanent inheritance.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
66. “Everything around you will change when you change yourself into the person you want to be.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
67. “A quote equals a good book” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
68. “Anyone who does not comprehend your silence is unlikely to comprehend what you say or think.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
69. “Sometimes we gotta do what we love to love what we do!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
70. “I refuse to live life with unsettled differences”.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
71. “Life is best lived one day at a time when enriched with reflection and human connection on a deeper level.” — Janani srikanth｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
72. “Your approach is to attempt everything & believe in nothing; the world/Market situations are changing so rapidly that if you want to succeed you cannot afford to align yourself with a default approach or point of view.” — Shahenshah Hafeez Khan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
73. “Your limits are somewhere up there, waiting for you to reach beyond infinity.” — Arnold Henry｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
74. “Just as clouds are constantly moving, our lives are constantly changing.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
75. “Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
76. “Do not sit back and let people make key plans on your behalf. Wake up and stand up for your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
77. “When I face the desolate impossibility of writing five hundred pages, a sick sense of failure falls on me, and I know I can never do it. Then gradually, I write one page and then another. One day's work is all I can permit myself to contemplate.” — John Steinbeck｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
78. “Every journey begins with a small step” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
79. “Wrong key never open the lock similarly wrong path will never help to get right destination..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
80. “Endeavour to make the right choices in life. It will help you attract the right outcomes.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
81. “One of its primary roles is in motivation and reward. You probably know of dopamine because of its reputation as the brain’s pleasure juice. When you feel pleasure, you are getting squirted on by dopamine.” — Simon Marshall｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
82. “Beyond today, no one knows how life will turn out. So, while you can, celebrate the special moments.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
83. “Listening to others can be hard. It is even harder if we don’t learn to listen to ourselves” — Karen Joy Hardwick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
84. “Being tired is better than being broke, so make sure you do your best and leave to God the rest!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
85. “Success is not about achieving perfection; it's about making progress and learning from failures.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
86. “The clouds may change shape and move, but the sky remains an infinite canvas of possibility.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
87. “With one kind gesture you can change a life. One person at a time you can change the world. One day at a time we can change everything.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
88. “Better to be lost for something worthwhile. Instead of getting lost in everything worthless.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
89. “If you practice hard, you can win every battle.” — Manny Pacquiao｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
90. “It’s never too late to ask yourself, ‘Am I willing to change from within?” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
91. “Did I love what I was doing, or did I love myself in doing it?” — C. Terry Warner｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
92. “Your attitude determines your happiness, not your circumstances." - by Sri Guru Vyas” — shri guru vyas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
93. “The world seems void of silence whenever footsteps are deprived of dancing shoes.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
94. “Embrace your quirks, own your flaws, and flaunt your fabulousness. Being true to yourself is not just a trend; it's a lifestyle.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
95. “Doing less doesn't mean achieving less. But it's all about focusing on the essentials and letting go of the unnecessary stuff.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
96. “Life can never be a dress rehearsal. It is real. Value your time and put no value on people or things that add no value to your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
97. “Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
98. “Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.” — Bohdi Sanders｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
99. “Walk the walk that you guarantee about it in order to be bold.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
100. “Self-mastery is a significant skill for those who want a life of victory.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
101. “A lazy hand cannot smell true success, no matter his level of faith, hope, and or aspiration.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
102. “When you’re in love, there’s no need to understand what’s going on, because everything happens inside of you.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
103. “It’s better than nothing,” his father replied. “And remember,the most important thing is to stay calm and focus on youropponent. Antichrist may be powerful, but he’s not unbeatable.” — Ryan Danny Chacko｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
104. “That failure serves a purpose!” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
105. “Life will offer you a unique experience, so ensure you live each day without fear, doubt, or regret.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
106. “Motivation doesn't work unless your determination is up to the mark” — Rafsan Al Musawver｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
107. “Just as the wind can be both gentle and fierce, life can be both beautiful and challenging.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
108. “A man is created to fellowship with his Marker.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
109. “What you should be, you shall be.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
110. “Rather than seeing each departure as permanent goodbyes, treat them as natural farewells.” — Soon Ju Kim｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
111. “Life is like the vastness of the ocean; it reflects the workmanship of the Creator.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
112. “I can only strive for what is important” — Rosie Thomas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
113. “There is nothing more beautiful than the present. Live it!” — Niveditha Praveen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
114. “When you embrace wisdom, it refines and redefines who you are in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
115. “If someone else can do it, why can't you?” — Narendra Singh Dhami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
116. “Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
117. “Things aren't always as they appear. We must realize the bigger picture.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
118. “Initiating change is not about the multitude; it’s about the audacity of a few, for history attests that the course of humanity has often been altered by the hands of the bold and the determined.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
119. “The gratitude that you feel leads to faith in the abundance and with every resonance that radiates from your mind more strong feelings of faith start to reside in you.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
120. “This is about designing a culture that is so strong and healthy, your team can’t stay quiet about their experience.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
121. “It not clothes that unfit you it you not doing it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
122. “There is always a Reason, when its the Season...so lets smile together” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
123. “Be a go-getter.” — Kaniskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
124. “If there is a winner. he cannot become a winner. Only one who was once a loser can become a winner.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
125. “Once a habit is formed, we can’t forget that response completely, but we can interrupt and replace it with something else.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
126. “The price tag you put on yourself decides your worth. Underestimating yourself will cost you dearly.” — Apoorve Dubey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
127. “95% of your actions are habitual” — Habits Doctor｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
128. “Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.” — Ann Landers｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
129. “Allow yourself to be open-minded. Take a step away from the couch and move.” — Chandan Negi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
130. “Never settle for a haven; instead, venture into the unknown. The journey will be worthwhile.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
131. “Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
132. “The best utilization of gas in your car is to move in the direction of your destination.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
133. “We are storms that never die.” — Alice Tyszka｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
134. “Having what you want may give you Achievement. But wanting what you have will give you Fulfillment.” — RVM｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
135. “Thank you, women, of the world, for being mothers of NATIONS. The power is in our hands. Stand Up and be Counted! Ladies, Be Fearless! Never quit! Continue to Make History!” — Dr. Nana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
136. “If someone insults you, just chalk it up to them being at a lost for words.” — Niedria Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
137. “Everyone is free to say whatever they want. Now believe the lies. The only fact reliable is that everyone is free to say whatever they want. Human beings are created in a way that the brain thinks silently.” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
138. “Your moments of great risk are not yours alone. The decisions you make in those moments are of great import to a great many people—people of great import to you.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
139. “Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.” — Rodolfo Costa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
140. “Do not compromise yourself and put your goodness in the same impermanent category as whatever circumstance happening. Be the best you in every circumstance.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
141. “We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.” — Mokokoma Mokhonoana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
142. “Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
143. “Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
144. “Aligning your goals with your lifestyle is the foundation for living a life that feels both intentional and fulfilling.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
145. “Mathon is starting on the road but it starts from days before you hit the road by dreaming and margin about it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
146. “For you to be propelled to greater heights in life there are some things you don’t learn in school —like learning not to quit.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
147. “Sometimes, painful circumstances will find their way into your life. Be prepared for them and find ways to overcome them!” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
148. “Our perceptions are influenced by our surroundings.” — Asa Don Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
149. “Language has the power to weave inspiration into the fabric of our souls, painting vibrant pictures in our minds.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
150. “While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
151. “The “Me” comprises the mind and the body. Property, knowledge, and relationships are all part of “mine.” “Not mine” refers to everything else in the world over which one has no control.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
152. “Confront your fears head-on and watch as they become stepping stones toward your goals.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
153. “Sandcastle with a teaspoon?” — Dipti Dhakul｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
154. “Running after my own dreamsTripping over my own feetHeld on to my self esteemWalking to my own loud beatSo stand tall or take a seat” — Marie Helen Abramyan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
155. “Our very definition and understanding of the Comfort Zone is false—or at the very least, incomplete. True, lasting success is not attained outside our Comfort Zone, but rather inside it.” — Kristen Butler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
156. “Believe in yourself, work hard, stay focused, and never give up. Success will come.” — hani hakkam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
157. “Every entrepreneur leads, but not every leader acts as an entrepreneur, because even leaders are not constantly interested in creating something new.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
158. “Inspiration is direction - find clarity, take action, and move forward fearlessly.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
159. “Every set back is a setup for a GREAT Come back” — Simone Ambalita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
160. “It is vital to be useful in life because when you do not use your gifts, you become useless.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
161. “Stop letting self-doubt be the energy that drives your life.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
162. “Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself and working hard.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
163. “A positive attitude acts like a fork in the road, which effectively alters the course of your life for the better.” — Dee Waldeck｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
164. “Life is worthwhile when you walk on a path aligned with your purpose.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
165. “This night is young, made of many stars, and unravels destiny only when you dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
166. “To purify yourself, you must first learn to pray.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
167. “Do it badly; do it slowly; do it fearfully; do it any way you have to, but do it.” — Steve Chandler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
168. “If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.” — Miranda Kenneally｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
169. “I hope that your problems are fewer and less painful than mine.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
170. “Find ways to reduce stress as much as possible so that you can stay in the flow.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
171. “Don't let anyone's opinion of you define who you can be. Life is too short to worry about what other people think. It's your life, so own it!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
172. “The gorgeous sunrise is the one that gives you hope in your heart and gives you another day to pursue your dreams.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
173. “The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.” — Rensis Likert｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
174. “A new beginning is not just a chance to start over, but also an opportunity to create something better than before.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
175. “Now he was proving it again. Each time was a new time and he never thought about the past when he was doing it.” — Ernest Hemingway｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
176. “Unfortunately, people are erecting massive barriers around themselves rather than erecting beautiful bridges to connect.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
177. “You'll never get from where you are to where you want to be if you keep your focus on the fact that you are not there yet. See it the way you desire and feel it ‛‛as if’’ it is happening.” — Kristen Butler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
178. “Say no to everything until you arrive at a definitive yes!” — Swati Sharma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
179. “If the world is a book, are you the hero, or just a walk-on part?” — K.J. Parker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
180. “In the face of environmental challenges, innovation becomes our greatest ally in shaping a sustainable future.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
181. “You are the perfect creation of God. Don't allow you to be down. God is experiencing through you.” — Amit Ray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
182. “Those who win never give up.Those who give up never win.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
183. “Connect your consciousness and bring out the joy and happiness from within...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
184. “A diamond shines brightest after enduring immense pressure.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
185. “If you have no helper, remember there is a God who can help you.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
186. “Introspection is a form of self-management. You reflect. You decide. You change. You allow yourself to grow.” — Raoul Davis Jr.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
187. “Surround yourself with leaders who have their own thoughts and opinions. This is an incredible way to sharpen your mind, learn from diverse perspectives, and merge genius ideas.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
188. “Chess does not only teach us to analyse the present situation, but it also enables us to think about the possibilities and consequences. This is the art of forward-thinking.” — Shivanshu K. Srivastava｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
189. “How far can your imagination take you? I don't know. That's up to you, but I think you should find out.” — Destiny Booze｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
190. “Always try to avoid looking backward and forward if you want to be upward.” — Charlotte Bronte｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
191. “Without adversity, there would be no growth, and without growth, there would be no lesson to be learned.” — Michelle D. Rosado｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
192. “Champions are men and women who refuses to fall back even in the midst of setbacks.” — Anufa Freeborn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
193. “When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
194. “At every level of your life, you need to take a step forward, or else you will remain the same and be left behind.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
195. “I’m frail; I’m heartbroken; I’m a moron; They have deceived me. The mind creates ridiculous doubts and quandaries about itself.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
196. “Entrepreneurs who succeed in employing and promoting the right people for the work within their business and in establishing an appropriate corporate organizational surrounding create the conditions for healthy growth.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
197. “North Carolina has a monument to [Peter Francisco], and no one knows that. That's the kind of stuff that drives me.” — Travis Scott Bowman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
198. “Face your fears head-on, and you'll realize they're not obstacles but doorways to new chances.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
199. “The hardest part of any important task is getting started on it in the first place. Once you actually begin work on a valuable task, you seem to be naturally motivated to continue.” — Brian Tracy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
200. “Great entrepreneurs are the jack of all trades, master of some.” — Arian Adeli Koodehi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
201. “Release yourself from this static state, and dance without end when the melody plays.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
202. “The real beginning of influence comes as others sense you are being influenced by them--when they feel understood by you--that you have listened deeply and sincerely, and that you are open.” — Stephen Cove｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
203. “Each month brings its own sacred mercies.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
204. “She needed the stimulus of an occupation which would take her out of herself.” — Jessie Redmon Fauset｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
205. “You don’t get what you wish for; you get what you work for.” — Daniel Milstein｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
206. “The Maker makes it possible for us to move.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
207. “A one-size-fits-all approach is no longer an option for humanity. The world is too diverse, vast, and expansive, so we should expect spiritual entrepreneurship to come in all shapes and sizes.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
208. “Choose someone who can love you not only during the day but also during your darkest nights, even when the sun and the moon resist sharing their light.” — Verliza Gajeles｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
209. “but this payment goes well beyond my generosity.""don't say that again. Life might be listening and give you less the next time.” — Paulo Coelho｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
210. “You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
211. “You cannot cross the ocean before leaving the shore.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
212. “Fairy tales serve as a timeless reminder that there is magic in the world and that, with enough faith, anything is possible.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
213. “Take risks, make bold decisions, and enjoy the journey of leaving your own unique mark in this world.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
214. “If only we had the certainty in our strength that we do in our weaknesses and capacity for failure - oh how wonderful life would be” — Daniel Mangena｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
215. “The answers to your most pressing questions will arrive in your mind by being still in the moment and relaxing.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
216. “Maya or illusion always overpowers the soul. Does it mean that Maya is mightier?” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
217. “Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration,motivation, and a pinch of creativity” — bo bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
218. “Whether you want to double down on previous successes, address significant challenges, or embark on new endeavors, identify your top three goals.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
219. “Feel the feeling not felt before, express and allow it to come forth when dance is your mentor.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
220. “Do not grieve! Everything you lose eventually comes back to you in some other way.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
221. “Great things happen to those who have tremendous belief in their little dreams.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
222. “Every sunrise is an invitation to rise and make someone's day brighter.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
223. “Make it your sole intention to be part of the solution. When you learn how to efficiently solve problems, you will attract many opportunities.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
224. “Nothing is permanent in my mysterious world, even my moments of belief - Jenifer” — Durgesh Satpathy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
225. “Life is a tapestry made of highs and lows, each thread adding to the beauty of our individual story.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
226. “Should you have lost some of your fire over the years, you should reclaim it. Better yet, make the fire inside bigger than it ever was before!” — Noah William Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
227. “I never consider my team just customer service representatives, rather service excellence providers. Anyone can serve customers, however my team is next level as provides excellence in service to customers.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
228. “We are deluded by Maya, and we are the slaves of illusion.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
229. “Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.” — Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
230. “Connection gives us the grace and grit to unleash our potential and endure the challenge of our daily mess.” — Karen Joy Hardwick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
231. “I made it greater,you always told me to forget the haters.” — knight mayor｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
232. “If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
233. “Your life is more valuable than all the precious stones in this world. Realize your own value and do something of value.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
234. “May you find the courage to rise above any circumstance.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
235. “The right one does not stand in your way, they make space for you to step forward.” — Rupi Kaur｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
236. “People who don't know driving can only blow horns.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
237. “Do not be afraid to start something new and become a beginner/student again.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
238. “Motivation is like bacteria. Positivity is good motivation, rarely found, the good bacteria. Negativity, the bad one, found everywhere. Culture good one.” — Vikrmn: CA Vikram Verma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
239. “A goal is not the same thing as a wish. A goal is something you work toward; a wish is something you hope will happen to you.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
240. “Our hearts beat in unison, in time with the rhythm of life.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
241. “Spite is a perfectly good motivation.” — T. Raine｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
242. “You are your own savior, champion, and best friend, your own Knight in Shining Armor.” — Natasha Adamo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
243. “The second rule of underachievement reversal highlights that underachievers fall into various categories based on their motivation and ability levels at different times.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
244. “Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
245. “When answering life's big questions, it doesn’t even matter what you say your answers are; what matters is what you do.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
246. “You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
247. “Fixate your eyes on things that can fix your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
248. “Sometimes you start early and finish later, it does not mean that you have taken more time, it means that you experienced much more than others.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
249. “When a man begins to do that which is assigned to him, it becomes as if he is more endowed and favoured than his fellows.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
250. “Be as delicate as a flower at all times. A flower can still bloom when surrounded by thorns, but you can’t smile if you’re in pain.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
251. “Faithfulness in small things leads to faithfulness in great things, and never the other way around.” — Pastor Jerry L. Lewis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
252. “Live! Don't just Exist!!! Don't drag through Life...Live each day as a Celebration.-RVM” — RVM｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
253. “I hear you say 'Why?' Always 'Why?' You see things; and you say 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?” — George Bernard Shaw｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
254. “If you Seek...you shall Find... Many beautiful reasons to stay happy in every season.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
255. “Greatness is not achieved without conquering the battles that come your way.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
256. “Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
257. “When healthy competition prevails -- you come out to play and you play to win.” — Lorii Myers｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
258. “Start to Finish, will avoid to fail.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
259. “I'll find out the truth,' Leta whispered into the black. 'I promise, Mother.” — Astrid Scholte｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
260. “If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.” — Kevin Ngo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
261. “Change the way you view things and you'll be presented with new opportunities to create the life you've always dreamed!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
262. “Competition is a rude yet effective motivation.” — Toba Beta｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
263. “Every cruelty is a form of weakness.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
264. “It is the hard time that unleash your true potential... Don’t give up!” — Sally El-Akkad｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
265. “If you try nothing new, you’ll never know what you’re truly capable of.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
266. “Yes, life brings dreams; we dream to live a life. We must live and keep dreaming of becoming engaged with our life purpose.” — Dr. Nana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
267. “Greatness and nearsightedness are incompatible. Meaningful achievement depends on lifting one's sights and pushing toward the horizon.” — Daniel H. Pink｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
268. “When I calm my mind, I experience the greatest joy of all.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
269. “Your comfort zone isn't nourishing you anymore. What are you going to do about this?” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
270. “Be confident in your own skin and face your insecurities with pride.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
271. “Yoga is my saving grace.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
272. “Great leaders understand that it is impossible to compartmentalize elements of life, so they create opportunities for people to grow in every area.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
273. “Celebrate your now on the way to your next.” — Yedidah Spann｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
274. “Because when we give too many fucks, when we choose to give a fuck about everything, then we feel as though we are perpetually entitled to feel comfortable and happy at all times, that’s when life fucks us.” — Mark Manson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
275. “When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are better than the old ones.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
276. “How do you cultivate optimism? By learning the secret of contentment. If you can learn that, then no matter what happens to you, you can weather the storm and build on the good you find in any situation.” — John C. Maxwell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
277. “You didn’t lose your power; you GAVE it away. It won’t come back on its own; you must TAKE it back!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
278. “The earth’s surface is not smooth everywhere. Life is just like that; it is full of twists and turns.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
279. “In the depths of struggle, we discover the true strength that resides within us.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
280. “A great world is only as far away as our willingness to make it great.” — Craig D. Lounsbrough｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
281. “Man are the afflictions of a righteous person but the LORD shall deliver him from them all.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
282. “Marathon not start on the road,it starts by margining, strategies, dreaming about it then hit the road.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
283. “You the only person who have the dynamic love of shaking the mountains of your heart about you.” — Nozipho N Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
284. “If deseases, growing old early and die before time hunting you through unhealthy lifestyle run in healthy Curve Swagger lifestyle.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
285. “Remember that there is always the sky that is above us and beyond us” — Jalen Jahn Harris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
286. “Most people know the physical senses, but a lot of people don’t know the soul’s senses: empathy, trust, intuition, love and harmony” — Steven Aitchison｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
287. “There was a running theme through my friendships, and it was that of anarchy. I just loved people who were clear and definite in the proposition of life.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
288. “Passion is not a reaction to an external event. It is the left over emotions from the internal battles you have won that propels you forward.” — Shannon Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
289. “Don't wait for success to find you; instead, identify the skills and knowledge you need to achieve your dreams. Pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you exceed your wildest expectations.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
290. “Needs cause motivation. Deep-rooted desires for esteem, affection, belonging, achievement, self-actualization, power, and control motivate us to push for what we want and need in our lives.” — Lorii Myers｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
291. “I don’t work. I write - Niedria Kenny” — Niedria Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
292. “The motivation of all artists is 'Look at me, Mum'.” — Sebastian Horsley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
293. “Make sustainable changes today to set yourself up for a successful tomorrow. #OwnYourShift” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
294. “The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
295. “Positivity keeps a person happy, it’s all about the VIBES!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
296. “Your life will take better shape if you are willing to find wisdom and have the courage to climb the highest mountains.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
297. “Take the risk or lose the chance” — Cody Canterberry｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
298. “Change is the chisel that shapes our lives, carving the way for our evolution and growth, even though it may be uncomfortable.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
299. “Beware the ripples left by a startling revelation; they have the power to reshape your world.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
300. “Don't spend your life waiting for it to begin.” — Maariana Vikse｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
301. “Ish #211 "Your child is your parental obligation, not friend.” — Regina Griffin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
302. “Don't let the day run you. Run the day like a well-oiled machine and make every second count.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
303. “Loss is a result.Fear is an input.You don't control your results.You always control your inputs.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
304. “Step outside your comfort zone and let your desired outcomes become your reality.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
305. “You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.” — Jim Rohn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
306. “If you want success then you have to be a risk bearer in life, take that courageous step and go on until you achieve it.Go ahead!” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
307. “Submission to what people call their 'lot' is simply ignoble. If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another.” — Elizabeth von Arnim｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
308. “I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do?” — Ronnie Shanks｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
309. “In this world of Maya, nothing is permanent, not even our pain and suffering.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
310. “Oh, I see you think to be half necked on your gorgeous or killer outfit is rocking or cool that's not law of fashion and it out of style.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
311. “Problems are puzzles to be solved.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
312. “Let your words be the gentle breeze that carries inspiration to those who need it most, igniting a ripple effect of creativity and growth.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
313. “You're not everything you could be, and you know it.” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
314. “The things that pertain to your destiny are bought with time; the way you spend your time determines what you become.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
315. “Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
316. “The light peeking through the gloomy cloud serves as a reminder that even amidst life’s challenges, there is always a glimmer of possibility and beauty.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
317. “When disaster strikes, be open to a solution.” — Vince Poscente｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
318. “Discipline breeds courage and confidence, while complacency brings fear and doubt. If you want to conquer your fears, don't wait for the right time - make it happen now.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
319. “We don't learn from our experiences, we learn from reflecting on our experiences.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
320. “Excitement spreads beneath when you lock your feet to the dancing beat,” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
321. “If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.” — Roy   Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
322. “Always remember that you already have power over those who try to have power over you.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
323. “When someone is walking beside us, we have more courage to walk into the unknown and to risk the dark and messy places in our journey.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
324. “Dreaming is the fuel in the car of dedication!” — Todd Stocker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
325. “In the diverse gallery of urban surprises, spotting a crocodile inside a swimming pool is just another masterpiece on the canvas of quirky city life.” — Dipti Dhakul｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
326. “The beginning is always NOW.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
327. “Trees provide inspiration, roots provide drive, and leaves provides perpetual change.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
328. “Inspiration is the fuel, and language is the spark that sets the fire of creativity ablaze.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
329. “Failure and rejections are just words. It is your choice to go ahead and be a champion or to just cry whole life.” — Manjithe Senanayake｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
330. “Don't let the thing you fear most control your life! Remember, your fear of it is only an illusion - if you choose to confront it, you can break free from its power.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
331. “Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
332. “In this life, we are here for a short while. How we will be remembered after that depends on how we treat others while alive.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
333. “Success isn't a straight line but failure is, you fail straight but you succeed by bending, mending, and molding that line of failure until you reach that position and place you called success.” — Aiyaz Uddin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
334. “If you are - unable to appreciate others, at the very least, thank them.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
335. “Failures are valuable lessons on the path to success. Embrace and learn from them.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
336. “Life will constantly grant you an opportunity to learn. Use it well.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
337. “Leadership is not the absence of doubt but the courage to take risks and embrace ambiguity.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
338. “Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on, but you keep going anyway.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
339. “Find your friends, because life is too short to spend with enemies.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
340. “Those who lead a company essentially must do two things. They must ensure that they achieve the greatest possible demand with innovative products, and they must ensure that their company can handle the greatest possible demand with confidence.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
341. “A smiling heart makes the soul shine brighter” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
342. “The realisation that limitations are imaginary will make you strong and overpowering.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
343. “Through everything and every Atma (Soul) in this universe, you can see Param-Atma (Supreme).” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
344. “I am my own person, and I will not set fire to myself to keep you warm.” — Elizabeth Gracely｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
345. “Life, unfortunately, does not offer VIP seats to people with a victim mentality. So, you either claim your victory or you continue to be the victim of circumstances.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
346. “But one of the worst results of being a slave and being forced to do things is that when there is no one to force you any more you find you have almost lost the power of forcing yourself.” — C.S. Lewis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
347. “The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle.” — Gordon Ryan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
348. “When we tried to open the lock, we saw that is already open. And the problem we are trying to solve. It may be that there is no problem at all.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
349. “A man should seek mercy only from his Maker.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
350. “Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.” — Rashedur Ryan Rahman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
351. “In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
352. “Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
353. “Dress for your body type, to make fashion alive.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
354. “Life is an ongoing journey of self-discovery. Embrace the lessons and keep evolving.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
355. “You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
356. “We are in charge of our destiny, and we control our future by how we think and act.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
357. “Embrace the feeling of healing as you dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
358. “If you want to see changes in our world, become an agent of change by taking the first step.” — Federico Navarrete｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
359. “Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!” — Yvonne Pierre｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
360. “That gift is not just for you; the world needs your talent, your creativity, the deposit of God in your life is meant to light up the world.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
361. “Don't cry for everythingJust try for something” — Sai Teja Thumuluru｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
362. “To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
363. “It's easy to sit on the sidelines and analyze different strategies, but true growth comes from taking action.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
364. “What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
365. “Always believe in your dreams and never give up!” — Marlene Wohlmuth｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
366. “Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.” — Edward R. Murrow｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
367. “In the light of your success, they see you. In the shadows of your struggle, you see them.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
368. “People who try to bring you down are only trying to suppress your potential from showing itself. Because they know if it does, then you'll be able to achieve great things and leave them in the dust!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
369. “The only thing we ever have less of is time." - Jill Reid | Discover Your Personal Truth” — Jill Reid｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
370. “It doesn't matter how hard you fall but how quickly you bounce back.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
371. “There are many injustices that will simply never be made right, and to expect otherwise is to set yourself up to be consumed by frustration.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
372. “The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.” — Germany Kent｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
373. “You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
374. “Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
375. “Learning to read and write is like sailing on a sea of knowledge, where every wave is a new opportunity and every shore is a new achievement. Happy International Literacy Day” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
376. “Look deep within. You will find everything you seek.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
377. “We are exactly what our history made us to be.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
378. “Live Long and Prosper” — Leonard Nimoy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
379. “We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".” — Anastasia Petrenko｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
380. “Empathy is the language of the blind who can see, and compassion is the music of the deaf who can hear.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
381. “Everyday when I go to bed, it's my year end and when I wake up it's my new year” — Hari krishnan Nair｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
382. “I am not choosing one of your paths, I am making one of my own.” — Rick Riordan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
383. “Sustainable success isn't measured by how hard you work, but rather by how much time you take to relax and recharge.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
384. “Your well-being is not a luxury; it's a necessity for success. Investing in yourself is the best investment you can make.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
385. “Failure can have a certain grandeur that success never knows.” — John Brooks｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
386. “Vladimir, be reasonable, you haven't yet tried everything. And I resumed the struggle.” — Samuel Beckett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
387. “Your mindset helps you understand who you are by understanding the How, What, and Why aspects within you.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
388. “Silence is the most effective tool for accomplishing goals.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
389. “If you can understand the basics of life, you are better than a person who complicates even the easiest things.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
390. “Success is not about luck; it's about perseverance and relentless determination.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
391. “The story needed to be told that how Curvaceous world like as a harmonic words in the ocean.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
392. “Success necessitates sacrifice.” — Habeeb Akande｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
393. “Be an active cause of success, no a consequence of someone's scorn.” — Sebastián Wortys｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
394. “Only develop friendships with people you admire. I admired people who broke the rules when the rules made no sense!” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
395. “Living a daring life is zealous pursuit.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
396. “Discover your limitless potential, embrace growth, and create the life you desire. Stay unstoppable, resilient, and confident on your journey to success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
397. “According to the wheel of life, everything is subject to change and extinction.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
398. “Don't just live the day, own it! Take charge of your time and make every moment count.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
399. “You doubt your value. Do not run from who you are.” — C.S. Lewis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
400. “You cannot restore and heal in the same environment that made you ill.” — Kelly Markey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
401. “Even in hardship, God’s goodness prevails.” — Todd Stocker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
402. “A soothing lullaby, a golden potion, as sweet as honey, an ethereal salve that calms the racing heart and transports it to the shores of peace.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
403. “Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
404. “To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
405. “It is the very use of coercion, positive or negative, that breaks or deadens the spirit, which is the source of motivation.” — Kelly Bryson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
406. “Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
407. “within you there is a power you haven’t tapped into yet. Within you is a potential you haven’t even scratched the surface of. But aren’t you sick of living in your potential and not living out your potential?” — Kelsey K Thornton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
408. “Hard work does not pay off. Your discipline does.Working hard ones is not enough. Work hard as a habit.” — Janna cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
409. “You do not become outstanding by working on your weaknesses.You become outstanding by focusing entirely on your strengths.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
410. “Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
411. “Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
412. “Courage is the key that unlocks the door to new possibilities.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
413. “The Masterpiece?Head down, she obeys...Her mind, a virgin canvas,World paints its own strokes.” — Amogh Swamy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
414. “Never get bitter, life is a medley of good and bad ingredients.” — Norah Ann Marler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
415. “মানুষের মনের ভিতর যদি ভালো কিছু করার জিদ একবার চেপে বসে আর সে যদি লক্ষ্যকে ঠিক রেখে পরিশ্রম করে যায়, তাহলে- কিছুদিন আগে বা পরে- তার জীবনে সফলতা আসবেই এবং আসতে বাধ্য।” — গাজী মিজানুর রহমান｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
416. “But if I am going to paint my own future, then I can't have have people-pleasing on my paint palette. It only muddles the rest of the colors.” — Laila Sabreen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
417. “If you can't be brave, be determined. And you'll end up in the same place.” — Lisa Scottoline｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
418. “Indecision can be a slippery slope. Take care with each step and move forward confidently.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
419. “Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
420. “An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.” — Imania Margria｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
421. “One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
422. “The scariest moment is always just before you start.After that, things can only get better.” — Stephen King｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
423. “The bondage is broken by the blood of the blameless lamb, the Lord Jesus Christ.” — Lailah  Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
424. “Two times in life you do not waste time arguing with someone: when you are wrong, and when you are right.” — Liz Faublas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
425. “Meaningless thoughts come at a price.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
426. “«With the best will in the world—and I was so, so very motivated to not be dinner—I couldn’t drag my leaden limbs any further. I stumbled once, twice, staggered to a defeated halt, and crashed to my knees».” — Isabel Murray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
427. “Choose whether you'll approach life half-ass or kick-ass. There really is no in-between.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
428. “Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing that no situation will last forever. No matter how hard it gets, plan to overcome and there will always be a way out.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
429. “Women are the armour of thousands of lives that rise up and shield one another from the darkest wounds.” — Shaa Zainol｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
430. “We must peel away the bitterness of life from time to time in order to reveal the richer aspects of life.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
431. “There was a time, when I came to Delhi from my hometown and I have survived on Parle G biscuits for the whole day.” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
432. “Life’s too short to walk around with your arms crossed and bottom lip poked out. Find a way to smile for yourself even if it’s as simple as licking the spoon clean or putting clean sheets on your bed.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
433. “Between the pillars of the known and unknown, there are millions of perceptions.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
434. “What lies beyond fear is freedom - have the courage to step forward and unlock your potential.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
435. “Leaders who listen twice as much as they talk are the most successful.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
436. “Love is more about what you are willing to give and receive.If your MARRIAGE is based on love alone, you may become HELPLESS. Marriage should be based on a partnership that empowers both, and LOVE becomes a GIVEN.” — Dr. Nana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
437. “If you can endure the process and look back with a clear thought process, you will realize that some of life's best lessons came from a place where you were rejected.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
438. “iconic women travel the world charming others with their beautytheir distinct personality leaves a mark on everyone who is aroundbecause a warm and genuine smilehas a special kind of style” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
439. “Without well being, there is no wealth.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
440. “Look, knowing is overrated. When we assume we know something, we don’t venture any further, dig deeper, or ask questions. When we’re married to ‘knowing,’ we overlook curiosity. Curiosity is where it’s at!” — Karen Joy Hardwick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
441. “Positive emotions are created with peaceful thoughts.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
442. “Never justify yourself for who you are, your attitude leads to whom you want to be...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
443. “mereka tidak dapat mengambil harga diri kita kalau kita tidak memberikannya kepada mereka” — Mahatma Gandhi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
444. “Cherish the gift of life that you have been given. Trust that your Creator can do great things through you. Love yourself and be content with the life you have and you will become a magnet that attracts blessings from all corners of the earth.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
445. “Curiosity is the engine of achievement.” — Ken Robinson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
446. “Be unstoppable — challenge yourself to push the boundaries of what's possible.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
447. “It’s not the activity that holds the key to finding your passion; it’s what your actions accomplish.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
448. “Your feelings wouldn't get hurt if you were honest with yourself” — Tye Lewis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
449. “You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
450. “Life is like a colouring book. The drawings may be very standard, but you can choose to colour them in a manner that makes them stand out.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
451. “Motivate yourself by practicing positive self discipline. Without self discipline, there is no self motivation.” — Adeleke Aishat - Tashia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
452. “Great Leaders Create More LeadersGood leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
453. “If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?” — Elizabeth Parker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
454. “Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
455. “Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
456. “Being surrounded by trees serves as a constant reminder that, while growth is a slow process, the outcomes can be breathtaking.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
457. “Life is complicated. If life was simple, wouldn’t that make us simpletons?” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
458. “It's never too late to start fresh! Embrace every chance to grow, take risks, and never ever give up!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
459. “Start even if you don't know how.” — Wendy Tremayne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
460. “Bukan sifatku untukk kalah tanpa bertarung, bahkan saat kemungkinan untuk menang tampak begitu tipis. -Katniss” — Suzanne Collins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
461. “This is life, figure out what needs to be done and do it right; that is how you live a fruitful life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
462. “Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant. There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.” — Johann Gottfried Von Herder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
463. “If you have a broken heart or a sorrowful soul, dance will bring you joy once more.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
464. “Inspiration fires you up; motivation keeps you burning.” — Stuart Aken｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
465. “Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
466. “We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back.” — Martin Luther King Jr.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
467. “...yelling doesn't make a thing any more possible.” — Angie Sage｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
468. “It's always too early to quit” — Norman Vincent Peale｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
469. “I have learned that the harder you fall...the higher you bounce!” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
470. “If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
471. “• Utilize science to help others lessen effects of painful memories• Experience new cultures, languages, lifestyles, and countries• Help others (and yourself) avoid/overcome identity theft, burnout, bankruptcy, and divorce” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
472. “Unless humanity invents a device that can expose all the information in the world, there can be no justice, because no human can be a reliable source. Every human can be manipulated trough money, deceit, threats.” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
473. “Hard work will only pay off when you actually start working hard!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
474. “Don't be held back by insecurity or fear, because you never know what might be on the other side of that leap of faith.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
475. “Our thoughts have the energy to light the candle and burn the hand. It all depends on how we handle them.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
476. “The mind is the source of both bondage and liberation.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
477. “No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way.” — Kamal Ravikant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
478. “There is only one timeline. There is only one you.” — Dave Crenshaw｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
479. “Dance is the language that all souls speak, connecting them as one humanity.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
480. “Forgiveness not clear the air between you and your enermy only it healthier you physical and spiritual.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
481. “Life from the other end.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
482. “It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently.” — Anthony Robbins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
483. “Marriage is a garden that requires constant nurturing and care, but it can blossom into a beautiful and everlasting love with patience and dedication.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
484. “Put yourself in places where you don't belong, get used to it now because you will get there.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
485. “There is nothing as heart-pinching as having regrets over not pursuing an opportunity that you know you had a shot at.” — Brendon Thutso｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
486. “If it doesn’t excite me, I do not pursue it.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
487. “Absence of obstacles, Is not a sign of achievement. Absence of obstacles, Indicates a lack of movement.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
488. “Would you like to know your future?If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator.So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.” — Vera Nazarian｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
489. “Lift others with you and others will lift many more, soon when you look back at where you started you will be proud that you did!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
490. “In the storm of dreams, lightning feet, and thunderous heartbeats begin to dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
491. “Question asked with a matching answer, help to light your path in life, as you light up your path, you have lightened the world; which is your contribution to humanity.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
492. “They say that the first step to success is setting clear goals. Well, I've got plenty of goals - like finally getting that corner office with a view, and firing my most annoying colleague.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
493. “Believe in yourself and be brave enough to take risks, and you'll find that life is full of endless possibilities.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
494. “In life, not all opportunities will come easily. Some will even seem as if they do not exist. But it is up to you to search for, find, and utilize them while time still allows.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
495. “Manifesting is a lot like making a cake. The things needed are supplied by you, the mixing is done by your mind and the baking is done in the oven of the universe.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
496. “Live every day your way, and wear your blessings well. In Jesus name, amen.” — Ron Baratono｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
497. “Live life to live legacy, for other people to continue it and benefits.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
498. “People can cheer you even if you going on wrong place,why?they don't want to disappoint you!” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
499. “Confidence can be learned - but not from a book. Confidence comes from from living.” — Saskia Shakin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
500. “In the name of the Pizza Lord. Charge!” — Jim Butcher｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
501. “Preserving nature is not a choice; it is our responsibility towards the future we envision.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
502. “But their voices and their words move mountains, create waterfalls, mend hearts, and make this world closer to what it should be.” — Laila Sabreen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
503. “It is okay not to be okay when things are not okay in your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
504. “You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
505. “My motivation; knowing the value of life makes me live to do my very best.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
506. “If you're early, you're on time. If you're on time, you're late.” — Lik Hock Yap Ivan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
507. “One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
508. “No matter the difficulties you face, do not be a difficult person. Choose to make life easy for others.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
509. “Focus on what really matters and watch as the fog clears. Opportunities will appear where you least expect them.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
510. “GARDEN OF WISDOMA heart that has ached mercilesslyCan spin a lifetime of agonyInto a solacing garden of wisdom,Offering you comfortAnd peace.It’s the same heart that knows theEcstasy of just being aliveAnd cherishes every moment.” — Kyrian Lyndon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
511. “F*** these men who don’t think we’re beautiful, because there are men who love us big babies!” — Miss Ken｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
512. “Change is inevitable, but evolution is optional ... So, I chose to evolve. What are you choosing?” — Ravenwolf｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
513. “It's not breaking the rules What I find makes fun. It is However outsmarting the system and finding a way around it that brings me joy and satisfaction” — Günther Schepp Larenas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
514. “75 percent of the constituent alphabets in the phrase "Your personal life" establish one's right to withhold, barricade, and restrict others' access to specific exclusive information, generally referred to as: A SECRET” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
515. “I arise to face my failures every morning, but I never fail to face them” — Gino Norris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
516. “If you have a destination in mind. Start taking minor steps everyday.Leaving too much distance to cover before the deadline will leave you grasping for breath and neither here nor there.” — Shahemshah Hafeez｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
517. “In the lexicon of life, ‘Mother’ is not just a word; it’s the embodiment of the purest emotions and the sweetest lullabies.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
518. “The fastest way to get to easy is through hard.” — Lois McMaster Bujold｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
519. “Courage doesn't mean feeling no fear, it means having the strength to carry on despite it. When you face your fears, you gain control of your life. Don't be afraid to take the first step and show the world what you've got!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
520. “Making the news anchor resemble a puppet, if the puppeteer sucks at his job.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
521. “You can be certain that the religion of love accepts everyone.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
522. “To think is good. To obsess is bad.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
523. “Only when you go against the flow will you find your own flow.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
524. “The wisdom to tackle the challenges of life differentiates extraordinary people from ordinary ones.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
525. “The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
526. “Embrace the unknown and let life's unpredictability lead you to extraordinary experiences.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
527. “True leadership is not about commanding authority; it's about earning respect.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
528. “Your kindness might cause you pain, a sense of betrayal, heartburn. Be kind anyway.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
529. “Da giovane è facile credere che ciò che desideri sia ciò che ti meriti, è facile convincersi che se davvero vuoi qualcosa, è tuo sacrosanto diritto ottenerla.” — Krakauer Jon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
530. “Don't let the tall weeds cast a shadow on the beautiful flowers in your garden.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
531. “When you control the supply of anxiety, your anger struggles for fuel and eventually turns the flame off.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
532. “Never underestimate the impact of customer service. Every business has customers that needs to be served.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
533. “Education is the key to unlock the doors of opportunity and prosperity. It elevates your mind and your income, allowing you to use your brain instead of your brawn, and enjoy the benefits of time and self-improvement” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
534. “Do not beat yourself up about the things you cannot change. It will make your life difficult. Take heart and take charge of what you need to change.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
535. “Our independence lies on total dependent on Almighty God.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
536. “The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
537. “THE MOMENT YOU GIVE UP YOUR OWN TRUTH, YOU BECOME LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.” — Twitter -@IntroIntrospect｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
538. “Self-confidence will give you that success which no other way can help, it is the prime key. Look into the mirror, say- Yes! you canThink once!” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
539. “If you want to change your life, you must be willing to do two things that are critical. Firstly, change your mind and secondly, discard what does not produce the desired results.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
540. “Don't use yesterday's state of mind, to make today's decision.” — C. Nzingha Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
541. “If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiming high enough.” — Alan Kay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
542. “Human- A Peculiar animal, constantly in a race to prove something; which it’s not.” — Ansh - The Mystic Rider｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
543. “Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
544. “What motivates a person is a sense of meaning. A clearly defined, even uniquely determined role in life brings about life satisfaction.” — Steve M. Beauchamp｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
545. “Our beliefs shape our reality so let's believe anything is possible and make it happen!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
546. “No time? If you do one thing a day, you will have done thirty things in a month.” — Deryn van der Tang｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
547. “In your life, there are things you never expected yet they happened. That is because they needed to happen for you to learn some necessary lessons.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
548. “What could be sillier than having an imaginary boyfriend?” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
549. “Life is so good, when you are surrounded by good people.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
550. “Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
551. “Being a Qoets author is not about know how to hold or have a pen it about having a word neither being healthy fit is not about having a gym equipment and knowing what to do is about doing it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
552. “There is nothing impossible to they who will try.” — Alexander the Great｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
553. “The words of the Qur’an are omnipresent—yet its spirit lies dormant,” — Mohamad Jebara｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
554. “Being free of hesitation is the greatest feeling in the world. Detach it and take a bigger step.” — Shaa Zainol｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
555. “There are a thousand different ways to get home. Just dance and celebrate until you dissolve into one.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
556. “I am only uncomfortable when I find myself comfortable. I literally hate comfort. It is where all dreams go to die.” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
557. “If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
558. “Leadership is all about making things to move forward, not backward.” — Chintha Sai Bhargav Reddy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
559. “No project will go perfectly, nor will the end result be perfect, but as long as you had fun, that’s what matters most.” — Samantha Segal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
560. “They say eyes reflect reality...I believe it!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
561. “Knowledge saves.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
562. “You must take responsibility for removing I can't from your vocabulary.” — Jack Canfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
563. “You possess the power to rewrite your story, so dare to dream big and write a narrative worth sharing.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
564. “The Magic all begins with YOU.""You are the company you keep."Positivity gets Positivity back.” — Magic Mo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
565. “He who perseveres like an infant that falls down and keeps getting up, shall eventually find the way.”~ Amunhotep El Bey” — Amunhotep El Bey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
566. “They make you as they are because it’s the only thing they know and then they tell you it’s your fault because they are jealous you are better than them. But the truth is it’s never your fault. It’s their fault” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
567. “A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.” — Jack Dempsey｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
568. “When you choose to capture the best moments in life, life becomes a beautiful adventure.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
569. “Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
570. “Life will always throw in big demands, but you can meet them if you do not give up.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
571. “You are on the right path; harmony will encompass your life, bringing healing and turning your life into one you find appealing, leaving you in a delightful feeling, attracting even more abundance to which there is no ceiling.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
572. “Whatever happens. But don't lose your faith. When we lose our faith, we are going to lose a lot. Always remember great power is within you.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
573. “Decide to be fine until the end of the week. Make yourself smile, because you're alive and that's your job. Then do it again the next week. I call it being professional. Do it right, with a smile, or don't do it.” — Frank Devereaux｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
574. “You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
575. “No pain, no progress.” — Vikrmn: CA Vikram Verma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
576. “The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
577. “Life is precious. Live your own life, love it and look after it.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
578. “If you want him to do it, you've got to change the picture of the world inside his head.” — Robert Penn Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
579. “Leadership is not just about achieving success for yourself, it's about helping others achieve success as well.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
580. “When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.” — Rodolfo Costa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
581. “Look for the lessons life presents, because through them you can gain the knowledge and wisdom to live well.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
582. “And here comes the battle between you and your thoughts,And you always lose miserably” — Nalin Dhiman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
583. “The struggle may be tough, but so are you. Keep pushing forward.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
584. “The devil is more motivated because he sacrificed heaven. He only has one goal in mind.” — Mwanandeke Kindembo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
585. “It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities.” — Eric Hoffer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
586. “What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
587. “Do it first and feel about it afterwards.' - Dagny Taggart” — Ayn Rand｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
588. “Until you believe you can do it, it's going to be difficult to convince anyone else you can do it.” — Toni Sorenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
589. “Hello read and buy this book is always ready to contribute a great impact in your life.” — Titih Mardiah｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
590. “You deserve to be held responsible for your own happiness.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
591. “Imagine all the stress in your life, having wings, and can simply fly away in the wind.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
592. “Identify your whys to motivation. One positive thought is the key to inspiration. Tweak a bit to approach the target. Don't lose your mind, Just one step will work up the rest!” — Radhika Vijay｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
593. “A focused Mind is a result Of a little Effort To tell Your Distractions To sleep for A couple of hours While you are at WORK.” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
594. “If I can do it, you can do it.” — Kaniskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
595. “Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
596. “It is a profound and necessary truth that the deep things in science are not found because they are useful; they are found because it was possible to find them.” — J. Robert Oppenheimer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
597. “Self-care isn’t just about taking care of your body – it’s about tending to your mental health too, and that’s something all of us could use a little more of!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
598. “Love is the only reason behind my glow” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
599. “More darkness make more visibility of light. Similarly in group of bad people small positive step will glow and shine.” — p k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
600. “If you save a man struggling, or thrashing, both of you will go down. But if the man is no longer moving, you can drag him up easily.” — Maliha Mohit｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
601. “Life can change at any time. That is why you need loved ones who can take care of you when things go south.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
602. “Have a clear vision as to where you are heading in life. Things might not go to plan, but as long as you stick to the plan one day, you will cherish the day you began.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
603. “Culture has the single greatest impact on your bottom line.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
604. “Stop trying to explain yourself. People only understand things from their level of perception; within the parameters of their agreement with reality. Save your energy.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
605. “If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
606. “One special gift that is often overlooked is the spirit of persistence.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
607. “Giving up is for the weak-minded. Letting go is for the strong-minded.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
608. “The lust for comfort kills the passions of the soul.” — Khalil Gibran｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
609. “Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
610. “Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
611. “En la vida se tienen pretextos o resultados. Hay quienes piensan que ambas cosas valen lo mismo.” — Andrew Matthews｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
612. “True bliss is never experienced through the senses (Pancha jnanendriya) but exists beyond the senses.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
613. “Don't argue with success. Be naked.” — Francis Goodman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
614. “Democracy is not a shouting competition!” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
615. “Once we open our eyes to the infinite magic that the universe has in abundance, we are sure to be enthralled by what we see and this miraculous creation gets us closer to our dreams and to the world as a whole.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
616. “Don’t let unfinished business weigh you down. Finish what you started and unlock the door to limitless possibilities.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
617. “Don't give example.. Make yourselves as an example..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
618. “Victory sits perched upon peaks of obstacles confronting us. We should never give up.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
619. “I want every girl in the world to pick up a guitar and start screaming.” — Courtney Love｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
620. “I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
621. “Silence serves the passionated self ~” — Patricio Telman Chincocolo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
622. “I don't like answerable questions. They produce questionable answers.” — Deepak Kripal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
623. “When your compass is shaking there's always another one reaching out . Be a gallon when its finds you ~” — Patricio Telman Chincocolo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
624. “There is always a law of connection; we just have to be observant and tune into it.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
625. “If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.” — Anonymous｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
626. “The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
627. “Like everything else, we know the futility of money only when we have more than enough of it.” — R. N. Prasher｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
628. “More symptoms of what my inner engine reveals – nothing ordered, nothing built on logic.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
629. “Absence of focus equals scattered energy.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
630. “Do Not let the crumbling of the dying Old World weigh down your Heart; For We Are here, To Create the New.” — Affinity Soul｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
631. “Despite how hard I try to hide, my whole face gathers in a coup to let him know how much I fancy him.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
632. “Live by your own conventions.” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
633. “Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
634. “As the grass withers with time, so does life fade away. That is why you need to make an impact while you still have a chance.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
635. “Life will not present a clear path all the time. Ahead, it may get dark, yet you have to keep moving forward. Do not lose hope when you go through hard times, because eventually, you will find the light.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
636. “Identifying your motivation as a writer serves as a compass, guiding the creative journey with purpose and clarity.” — Bachir Bastien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
637. “The more important a call to action is to our purpose, the more we may be tempted to resist it - and yet it may just be what opens up new doors and opportunities for us.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
638. “Time measures love in moments, but forgetting is a chapter that never closes.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
639. “Your greatest successes in life will often come from assisting others in their endeavours.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
640. “We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the life we want and towards the healing we need.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
641. “Pray for discernment. It is quite significant because if you cannot discern, you will invite to your table the people meant to cause you torment.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
642. “Remove the words “impossible” and “I can’t” from your vocabulary. These words have became too significant in your thought process. Remember that what can be conceived in the mind, can also be brought into reality.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
643. “A True Powerhouse Never Surrenders have courage, stay strong, and win every battle along your path to success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
644. “I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to.” — Toni Sorenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
645. “Simply go outside and have fun. The most abundant source of happiness is nature.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
646. “As with all other aspects of the narrative art, you will improve with practice, but practice will never make you perfect. Why should it? What fun would that be?” — Stephen King｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
647. “Five years from today, you will be the same person that you are today, except for the books you read and the people you meet.” — Charlie "Tremendous" Jones｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
648. “Your aim has the power to turn every good into an evil or every evil into a good. Through it you interpret your past, give purpose to your present, and cast a vision for your future.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
649. “Someone said that our goals keep us going, but it's our dreams that make us tick. So if you disconnect your goals from your dreams, don't be surprised if one morning you realize that your life is on autopilot.” — Ray N. Kuili｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
650. “Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
651. “The best way to receive abundance is to believe abundance is already present.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
652. “There is no great teacher like God.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
653. “Conquer yourself before you go out to conquer the world.” — Aiyaz Uddin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
654. “There has never been a meaningful life built on easy street.” — John Paul warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
655. “To pray to seek to be in God's presence.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
656. “Only by making your legacy your aim can you summon the courage to act with conviction in the moment, whatever that moment may bring.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
657. “Write this down: My life is full of unlimited possibilities.” — Pablo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
658. “Self-esteem and pride are the two main tools that build confidence, don’t lose them or you will lose yourself...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
659. “Winter is coming! Follow these rules for a disciplined mind and positive changes.” — Jayesh Thakkar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
660. “I just want to be someone, to mean something to anyone...” — Charlotte Eriksson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
661. “We applaud perfection yet we learn more from the journey.” — Sope Agbelusi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
662. “The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.” — Arthur C. Clarke｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
663. “Knowledge is the ink of eternal Bliss ~” — Patricio Telman Chincocolo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
664. “The wrong people will only bring you only sorrow and grief. Good people will give you joy and comfort. Choose wisely whom you come close to, and whom you let go.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
665. “How you live now determines the kind of life you will live & have from now,for if you keep doing the same things then expect the same results.” — Thabang Kanti｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
666. “The winds of change whisper that tomorrow holds wonders we cannot yet conceive.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
667. “When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
668. “Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!” — Pablo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
669. “Of course, it comes down to a little creativity and a lot of motivation. The creativity is inside all of us. The motivation is rougher.” — Jim Brickman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
670. “There is never the potential for success without a corresponding potential for failure.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
671. “A perfect traveller who, as it flows, overcomes all obstacles. It cuts through the rock, flows through the meadows, crosses the dense forest, clears all the dirt in its path, and sets off on its own wonderful adventure.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
672. “The most progressive approach to life is to discuss ideas rather than people.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
673. “Powerful breathing exercises help me realize good things will happen.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
674. “There is no easier way to success, strive hard and work smart...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
675. “No matter where you are, appreciate the gift of life. Find reasons to smile because there comes a time when it becomes impossible to see the sunrise.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
676. “When a heart breaks, the ointment of dance heals all the pain.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
677. “Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
678. “It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
679. “Value your ideology and believe in your self-esteem!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
680. “We all need to Ignore the regrets, accept change and live a happy life only then can we say we moved on to a better Future!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
681. “If you train your eyes to see the good in others, you will inspire them to see the good in themselves.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
682. “If you truly feel that self esteem and motivation have to happen first before you can make changes in your life, then we’ll probably be sharing walkers at a retirement home as we talk over what might have been.” — Shannon Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
683. “Consciousness is only an image, swipe it off, and you are free.” — Lenfantvivant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
684. “I'm sorry to step you in your corners but the truth must be told that you can't Loved by all people cause you not the money.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
685. “Your true friends are those who are TRULY happy for you when you succeed. Be that true friend for others.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
686. “Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
687. “Confidence will take you places you never thought was possible to reach.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
688. “Don’t ever be afraid to promote yourself and your work. Be proud of your creations and emit that bountiful type of energy to the world. You will ultimately get it back in different forms.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
689. “What is a game? (Marx said) It's tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow. It's the possibility of infinite rebirth, infinite redemption. The idea that if you keep playing, you could win. No loss is permanent, because nothing is permanent, ever.” — Gabrielle Zevin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
690. “Do not compare yourself with others as you are greater than you think you are...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
691. “When you earn your worth, you learn your worth... This is why learning is a never- ending process.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
692. “Fall, fall and fall again, to fall without stopping is rising.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
693. “Remember that things are not always as they appear to be... Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
694. “Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
695. “But still hope.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
696. “You have the ability to choose your reactions.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
697. “Moonlight, the mystic smile of the night, can soothe the soul and calm the mind.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
698. “If you can't be nice to other living things, don't harm them either.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
699. “When you are in the presence of the beauty of nature, nothing but happiness can overtake you.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
700. “A challenge only becomes an obstacle when you bow to it.” — Ray A. Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
701. “The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
702. “You can initiate a phase of death and rebirth at any time. You don't have to sit idle and wait for an outside force to make that happen for you. Choose to end things. This will always spark an opportunity for a new beginning.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
703. “Pride is a deceptive emotion that causes people to overestimate their abilities.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
704. “Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
705. “Being a leader is not easy. It's a delicate balance between humility and self-confidence. It takes immense courage to lead others but also requires an honest awareness of our own limitations.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
706. “We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
707. “Memorisation come from the head but meditation is from the heart.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
708. “A very small percentage of the people in this world will actually experience and live today. So many people will be stuck on another day, another time that traumatized them and caused them to spiritually stutter so they miss out on this day.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
709. “The wings of time may carry us on diverse journeys, but the common roots we share will always guide us back to the same ground.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
710. “Life will always have oceans and forests, mountains and valleys, battles and victories. Let each experience shape you to be a better human.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
711. “Amidst life’s tempests, the art of graceful presentation emerges as a silent anthem of resilience, echoing the indomitable spirit that refuses to be overshadowed by adversity.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
712. “Live Life Fully & Abundantly” — Gabbriella Conte｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
713. “It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
714. “The ultimate stimulation is being underestimated and then over exceeding expectations!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
715. “Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
716. “If we judge ourselves only by our aspirations and everyone else only their conduct we shall soon reach a very false conclusion.” — Calvin Coolidge｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
717. “The only way to know what you're doing is to be prepared” — Gino Norris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
718. “I don't give up. That makes me incredibly resilient or maybe stupid or just plain stubborn. Whichever...” — Destiny Booze｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
719. “The desire for escape is not a plea for sacrifice, but a yearning to elude the shadows of fear, the sting of pain, and the enduring echoes of suffering.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
720. “You are where you are and what you are because of yourself, nothing else. Nature is neutral. Nature doesn't care. If you do what other successful people do, you will enjoy the same results and rewards that they do. And if you don't, you won't.” — Brian Tracy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
721. “Dream big and aim higher, give the universe permission to show you what's possible if you don't limit yourself!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
722. “Men all pass away. However, not all men live.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
723. “Every story has a story. And always more important than a story itself, is the reason behind why it was told.” — Sean  Norris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
724. “Busca, descubre, innova, conoce, encuentra... y sigue buscando.” — Fernando Araya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
725. “Embrace uncertainty, for it is the gateway to growth and transformation.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
726. “Humans will never reach a stage where they know everything.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
727. “From time to time, life will present you with an opportunity to make your mark. Learn to discern and choose to be different. It is when you do the things that help you stand out that you will be able to shine your light.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
728. “Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.Focus on your character, not your reputation.Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
729. “The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
730. “Life will always have its highs and lows. Do not just go with the flow. Learn to bloom, even when you are feeling low.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
731. “A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
732. “Self-love is the only antidote to the chaos of existence. And if you don’t love and care for yourself and your own needs, you will cause unnecessary suffering both for yourself and others.” — Jordan B. Peterson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
733. “We have every opportunity to lead our lives beyond mediocrity when infused by a greater purpose than our own.Persist.Persist.Persist—with the greatest good at heart.” — Bella Bloom｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
734. “Whatever you think you are, you are always bigger than that...” — Gino Norris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
735. “Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
736. “The saying of the word backed up by acting it out is the birth of a seed.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
737. “When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
738. “The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
739. “Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, that one is able to show the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it in priority” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
740. “My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
741. “Shoot your shot when it comes to your career. Don't be afraid of rejection. You have to move past that fear.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
742. “I could steal words from my idol,Echo lyrics of a vinyl,But I have this feeling since we first met,That the right words haven’t been written yet.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
743. “Life is a risk. Life is also punctuated by moments of great risk, and your identity and legacy are shaped by how you respond in those critical moments.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
744. “There are no enemies, just hurting people.” — Rumi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
745. “If you want to live a life of happiness, do not trust those who are full of empty promises.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
746. “You are granted opportunity, through no effort of your own and that you therefore do not deserve, that has been granted to only a tiny fraction of those who have ever lived.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
747. “Don't be afraid to be afraid. Have fear, and then conquer the shit out of it.” — D. Antoinette Foy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
748. “As your action is, so is your destiny.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
749. “Falling out of meditation is easy, much like losing luck or drifting into sleep. You often can't precisely pinpoint how it happens but know miracles have ceased to work in your favor.” — Saroj Aryal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
750. “You are more than your ADHD. Believe in your talents and abilities.” — Jackie McShannon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
751. “Snap from the danger of your comfort zone; to enable you to become who you are meant to be.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
752. “There is no limit to what one can ask of one's adolescent self".” — Unknown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
753. “What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?” — Agu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
754. “If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.” — Suzy Kassem｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
755. “Life cannot be a fun ride for everyone.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
756. “Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
757. “One who is capable of forgiving others is wise.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
758. “Tough times in life are not meant to define you, but to refine and strengthen you.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
759. “You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
760. “Life is but an experiment of trial and error, instead of fretting the future, cherish the experiment.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
761. “Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
762. “JULY - Joy Unlimited Locate You” — Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
763. “In the grand opera of existence, those who yearn to sing will weave their own verses, creating harmonies that echo through the corridors of time.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
764. “Those who know why they are on earth do not mind making a difference in life because they know what others do not know–purpose.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
765. “You are a princess. All our subjects watch us, observe us and follow the example we set. So, our behaviour should always be exemplary, as several people look up to us.” — Anita Gupte｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
766. “Superhuman effort isn't worth a damn unless it achieves results.” — Ernest Shackleton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
767. “It is assignment that determines your attainment in life.” — Chidiebere Orji Agbugba｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
768. “Beauty Makeover doesn't promote fakeness or being photo copy a by doing that you abuse it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
769. “Micro-sized habit changes make problems more manageable and goals more attainable. You can do this anytime, anywhere for the low, low cost of totally free. There are no barriers to entry.” — Sarah Hays Coomer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
770. “You are an artist and the masterpiece is your life.” — Jen Sincero｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
771. “A person doesn't have to change who he is to become better.” — Sidney Poitier｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
772. “We do not have to renounce what we have; we have to forsake what we do not have. - Shree Shambav.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
773. “Em vez de pensarmos na família como algo que existe, temos de pensar nela como algo que se constrói. Nós «fazemos» a família.” — Genki Kawamura｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
774. “IT'S NOT ALWAYS ABOUT THE POUNDS LOSTMORE ABOUT THE STRENGTH GAINEDQWANA B.G.R.F” — Qwana M. "BabyGirl" Reynolds-Frasier｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
775. “You're just a character in my book, but I did not give you any lines.” — Niedria Dionne Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
776. “And worse I may be yet: the worst is notSo long as we can say 'This is the worst.” — William Shakespeare｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
777. “MANAGE YOUR MOOD: Name 1 thing that surprised you today...Name 1 thing that moved you...Name 1 thing that inspired you...” — Gino Norris｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
778. “The sense of greatness, the sense of education, the sense that we can always figure it out, find a way to overcome almost anything through learning and education” — Shawn Stevenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
779. “No matter what you're going through, there is always another brick sitting right there in front of you, waiting to be laid. The only question is, are you going to get up and lay it?” — Will Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
780. “Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times, and carving new paths.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
781. “Coming together gives energy, and being angry takes it away.” — Dr.Purushothaman  Kollam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
782. “Life is too precious to be spent dwelling on the past. Live in the present and create a brighter future.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
783. “Believe in your abilities to overcome any challenges that may arise.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
784. “Between the walls of the known and unknown, there live the beliefs.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
785. “Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.” — Marilyn Suttle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
786. “The more clouds you have in your sky, the more colorful sunset it will be.” — Sajal Sazzad｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
787. “The most expensive thing that you can buy in the most densely populated places on the planet is distance.” — Fredrick Backman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
788. “Why do you continue to live in confinement when the door is so wide open?” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
789. “True love sees beyond flaws; it embraces imperfections and cherishes the uniqueness that resides within each of us.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
790. “The way you live your day is a sentence in the story of your life. Each day you make the choice whether the sentence ends with a period, question mark, or exclamation point.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
791. “Don't underestimate the power of positive vibes & positive affirmations! They help sustain success & motivation.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
792. “Real courage lies in being able to believe in yourself enough to try again tomorrow, even after a tough day.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
793. “Music is the beat of a drum that keeps time with our emotions.” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
794. “It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
795. “With your brain veritably defined by its dynamic neuroplasticity, the cage that holds you back is an illusion. Your brain potential is unlimited.” — Jennifer Fraser｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
796. “You the form of some style the thing you need is to search to find it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
797. “Being your original help you on being hunted to reveal your reality try it.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
798. “Nothing is more scrumptious than a cup of bitter coffee.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
799. “Choose words wisely, wisely you will learnThe manner in which we choose to express Determines the outcome of this game of chess” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
800. “Whatever you find yourself doing at any moment is the most important thing in the world to you at that moment.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
801. “When I walk into the wild, I leave behind the world’s noise and chaos and enter a realm of simplicity and marvel.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
802. “Spark exists for a moment and then turns into ash. How is human life different?” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
803. “Life will treat you the same way you treat others; you do yourself a favour by treating others as your sisters, fathers, mothers and brothers.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
804. “Affirmations are like vitamins for your soul. Take your dose every morning and fuel your spirit.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
805. “Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse? Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly. Did you feel like cooperating or doing better?” — Jane Nelsen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
806. “The highest call in life is when you give yourself to others and expect nothing from them” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
807. “Late night work and random selfies always go hand-in-hand” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
808. “Wisdom is found in nature only by mining a lot of rock.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
809. “Peace begins with a conscious decision to remain calm under all circumstances” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
810. “Your identity is formed in part by your past, but only in part, and not the most important part. Your past is merely a starting point.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
811. “Productivity is about focusing on what truly matters and taking inspired action toward your definition of success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
812. “The issue isn't, Am I good enough? No. The issue is, Do I not have any other choice? Will and desire don't matter. Ability doesn't matter. Need is the only thing that matters.” — Dana Spiotta｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
813. “Get Inspired, Be inspiring” — Dido Stargaze｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
814. “Be better today than yesterday as new opportunities may arrive giving you a chance to be a better version of yourself.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
815. “You will never improve in life if you’re always living on easy street. Strength and progress can be gained if only you just step outside of your comfort zone.” — Dee Waldeck｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
816. “The best reward comes from our collective effort and energy.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
817. “Successful leaders don't just think outside the box; they create new boxes to paint their vision of the future. They make themselves and their belief system so contagious that others can't help but to follow them along on the journey.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
818. “The goal of life is to make everyone and everything around you happy. With your act of kindness and compassion.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
819. “I will be who I choose to be” — - unknown -｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
820. “Shrug off the no’s – they are temporary. This is your world. In your world there is only yes.” — Jolene Stockman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
821. “The depth of wisdom can only complement the depth of our wounds we gain from healing them.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
822. “People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
823. “Let go of fear and allow curiosity to be your compass, guiding you towards extraordinary adventures.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
824. “Stop dreaming and start doing!!!” — Dr. Haseeb｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
825. “Fear of death transforms all living organisms into predators or prey in the food cycle.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
826. “Inherent in this new type of distribution of wealth is trust that providing more freedom to humans ultimately drives positive innovation and growth.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
827. “The sharp jagged edges of memory are where both pain and motivation lie.” — Kurian Mathew Tharakan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
828. “When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe... your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
829. “More healthy lifestyle balanced come from healthy eating spiritual and physical.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
830. “Free yourself from the inauthenticity and disempowerment of your story.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
831. “The wood is not the fuel. The cold is the fuel. For the cold creates the passion for the fire.” — Craig D. Lounsbrough｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
832. “Your life has come at the expense of a nearly infinite number of other potential lives that will now never get to be lived because you get to live.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
833. “Achieving success is a challenge but so is struggling so you may as well choose success. ” — Rob Liano｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
834. “Nature makes no distinction between creating and destroying life.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
835. “A bad memory can lead to sadness but a good memory will keep you happy, now you know what you wanna choose!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
836. “Dream higher to reach higher, never lose faith and watch how things go great!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
837. “Count your blessings one by one see how much as bible says to boost you.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
838. “You may treat the past and future as realities, but they are only realities in your memory and imagination. Only the present exists.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
839. “We are mathematical equations where your life is the sum of all choices you've made until now. The good news is you can change the equation so that you start making a difference in your life.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
840. “Safe is better than sorry. Nope. Risk is better than regret.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
841. “If you give up now, it won’t hurt anyone. By the same token... if you keep at it, it won’t hurt anyone either.” — Io Sakisaka｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
842. “There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing. And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.” — Mario Maruffi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
843. “Blue is said to be the colour of Magic, did you notice or should I blink again?” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
844. “Lazy people do a little work and think they should be winning. Winners work as hard as possible and still worry that they are being lazy.” — Lewis Caralla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
845. “FEAR has its Reasons,COURAGE has Responsibility” — PunithRaj｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
846. “It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
847. “The mission of a man is his message.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
848. “Find the game you like to play - not just to win but because it clicks with you differently.” — Ali Sohani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
849. “Extend a helping hand to those in need today so that the universe can reach out to you when you are in need.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
850. “Search out the pretensions, the rubbish, the gloss, the whitewash, the emulsions of life covering the real feeling, real examination, real creativity” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
851. “While the enlightened develop a dynamic mindset to flow with time and live free, those in the dark stick to a static mindset and live in fear.” — Enoble Asuquo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
852. “Success can't exist unless you have execution. Your work should show progress.” — Troy Sandidge｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
853. “If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.” — Compton Gage｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
854. “Success isn't a distant dream; it's waiting for you at the finish line of every action you take.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
855. “Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
856. “The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
857. “If you don't sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice” — Anonymous｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
858. “Not trusting people does not make you a badperson, not trusting people prevents youfrom becoming a broken and a bad person.” — Enoble Asuquo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
859. “Inspiration dances on the tip of your tongue, waiting to leap into existence through the magic of language.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
860. “Embrace the transformative power of becoming the best version of yourself. It's time to turn your dreams into reality and create a life that's truly fulfilling and meaningful.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
861. “Challenges have no limits, strive to be the best and seek success.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
862. “Is there any god like our great glorious GOD.” — Lailah Gifty  Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
863. “Self-worth is another meaning of happiness to those who want to believe!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
864. “Does every Curve people struggle and stressful through it?I don't think so, search it for yourself it trueth of life.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
865. “Fashion is always an instant language... easy to speak and wonderful to feel.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
866. “One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
867. “No need for the hustle & grind when you can tap into your inner power & manifest what you desire with grace & ease.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
868. “Know who you are; it will help you live a good life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
869. “Rejection is a challenge.” — Veronica Purcell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
870. “you do not need the sky to fly, you need wings to fly ~ Zoya” — Archana Kapoor Nagpal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
871. “Hurry kills you and you don’t even realise that hurry is a threat to your spiritual well-being and spiritual life. How can you think reasonably during a crisis especially when lives are being threatened?” — Shaneen Clarke｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
872. “Don't worry.' What is the point in worrying when there's nothing you can do?” — Jorge Galán｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
873. “Shouldn’t plans be constantly under review?” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
874. “On the one hand, many people show great enthusiasm for strategy development, but on the other hand, a large proportion of them have used up this enthusiasm by the time of implementation at the latest.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
875. “Showing some people, the door when their time in your life is up is not a crime; it is a proactive stance to save your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
876. “Summer is an awesome season but it you'll not sink in the ocean or pool of tears without any life guide who's Holy Spirit (God's spirit)” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
877. “I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.” — Omoakhuana Anthonia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
878. “Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
879. “Dream it, to achieve it! because dreams will turn into reality only if you start working on them!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
880. “A dream is like a child, it should be conceived, cared for, birthed, nurtured, and tender till it grows to become giant” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
881. “Be curious, be adventurous, and never stop exploring the world around you.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
882. “In the flutter of a butterfly’s wings, we find a gentle reminder to appreciate the small moments in life and to find joy in life’s simple pleasures.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
883. “Embarking on a journey of a thousand miles begins with one bold step.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
884. “Have you had a failure or rejection? You could get bitter. That's one way to deal with it. Or...you could just get BETTER. What do you think?” — Destiny Booze｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
885. “The predator's dread of scarcity haunts it while it hunts for food, and the victim's fear of predation haunts her as she tries to escape being hunted.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
886. “Dare to dream bigger and unlock the power within, because there are no boundaries that can hold you back.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
887. “The most important thing in life is not to be a celebrity. It is to be able to celebrate life regardless of your status in society.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
888. “It takes understanding to be outstanding” — Pastor Simeon Nwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
889. “Whoever shall call on the name of the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, shall be saved.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
890. “One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’.” — John Burroughs｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
891. “Don’t pass judgement on how humans communicate with the supreme because everyone has their way of doing things.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
892. “Facing risks and pushing boundaries is the key to unlocking potential - don't be afraid to take a calculated leap.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
893. “Momentum builds success.” — Suzy Kassem｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
894. “Your inner strength is your outer foundation” — Allan Rufus｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
895. “The battle for a greener future begins within each individual, through conscious choices made daily.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
896. “The pursuit of the elixir of life may be eternal, but the true elixir lies within us - in the moments we cherish, the connections we make, and the memories we create.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
897. “I guess every friendship has its ups and downs.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
898. “It so happens that at times your desires tend to disagree with the reality and this is due to the fact that you have not let the two elements complement each other.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
899. “The journey of life is not easy, but the difficulties along the way make it interesting to navigate.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
900. “Life happened as it has, so we could be what we had to be.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
901. “A word builds a sentence, which builds a paragraph, which builds a page, which builds a chapter, which builds a book. Build with intent.” — Keith M. Murley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
902. “What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else?” — Arnold Schwarzenegger｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
903. “People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.” — George Bernard Shaw｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
904. “What does it really take to make a difference in the world? In a word, focus. Relentless focus.” — Allen Cheng｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
905. “Freedom is not for the cowards and the weak. It must be defended wherever it resides. Defended by all that seek it's enduring existence.” — CW3 Moss｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
906. “The older you get, the more you realize how short life can be. That is why you need to seize opportunities while they still exist.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
907. “A person today who seems to have a great sense of self-esteem has his or her childhood days to thank for it.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
908. “Live with Fulfillment, Serve with Passion so in this Lifetime you will have the ablility to Die with NO Regrets.” — Randy Gonzales｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
909. “A growth mindset or a fixed mindset is a function of a person's motivation. A person's motivation shapes what and how he thinks, which in turn tells on his mindset.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
910. “I’m not afraid of strong winds because I’m learning to fly.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
911. “Faith UP! Your purpose is GREATER than all your PROBLEMS.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
912. “Rejection is indeed projection.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
913. “Pursue your goal. Opinions be damned.” — Stacy Verdick Case｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
914. “To merge on the road you are meant to travel, means making a choice and then taking action.” — C. Toni Graham｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
915. “Life may not always be pleasant but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
916. “Don't confuse busyness with productivity. One leaves you exhausted, the other fulfilled.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
917. “Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
918. “To be cruel is to be coward.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
919. “Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
920. “Life isn't about getting the perfect hand of cards - it's about taking the cards you're dealt and making the most of them!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
921. “Take back your power and become the best version of yourself. By taking the next best actions, you pave the way for success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
922. “When you become a child with a child, you forget everything; That is the real state of happiness” — Jignesh Ahalgama｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
923. “The mind is everything in this world. It is the source of all pain and suffering. If the mind can be healed, it will cure all illnesses in this world.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
924. “No one rises to low expectations” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
925. “If I considered other people's mediocre standards a sufficient metric by which to measure my own accomplishments, I'd have never amounted to anything.” — Tahereh Mafi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
926. “The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
927. “Change your perspective on influence – it is a tool that can be used to build meaningful relationships, move conversations in new directions, and bring out the best in people.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
928. “Never feel you are alone. We all have books, and our dreams and our passion.” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
929. “The road to success is always under construction.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
930. “Motivation supplies ignition, and habit provides fuel, to the flame of desire” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
931. “Learn to recognize useless guides without getting sanctimonious about it. There are good reasons there are bad adults; be thankful you are ignorant of a great many of them.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
932. “Focus on yourself first before trying to please others - success starts from within!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
933. “Don't just climb the corporate ladder, master it! And if anyone tries to push you off, show them who's boss and climb even higher.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
934. “You aren't able to manifest what you are not doing or becoming.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
935. “Sometimes waking up is not easy, but waking up is what makes life easy.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
936. “There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.” — Noel DeJesus｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
937. “It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
938. “Guilt is a wonderful motivator.” — Laurell K. Hamilton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
939. “Get in touch with your passion and put it to work at work.” — Marilyn Suttle｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
940. “Understanding is the most profound gift of love, for it opens the heart’s door to the intricate beauty of another soul.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
941. “The goal of life is perfection; every incident, no matter how minor or significant, and every adversity we face are all part of a divine plan that will all work out in the end.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
942. “Ordinary people will make sure that you too think ordinary.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
943. “Well-being is a skill that we can develop with practice, preferably done in the morning to maximize effect throughout the day.” — Laurie J. Cameron｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
944. “Own your flaws, and don't let anyone else make you feel inferior. Recognize your awesomeness and set a powerful example for those around you!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
945. “Today is a gift that will be taken from you at day's end. Don't waste a moment, a chance, a lesson. You'll never live today again.” — Toni Sorenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
946. “Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember ~ the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.” — Zig Ziglar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
947. “You want your people recruiting, especially your highest performers.” — Mitch Gray｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
948. “You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.” — Nancy  D. Butler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
949. “motivating people, forcing them to your will, gives you a cynical attitude toward humanity. It degrades everything it touches.” — Frank Herbert｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
950. “Raise your power in silence, become a dynamite of resilience.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
951. “the worst thing said about him is that he was "uncurious.” — Yvon Chouinard｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
952. “Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.” — Destiny Booze｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
953. “Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
954. “We do what we do because we are who we are.” — Peter Francis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
955. “Challenges are not roadblocks; they are opportunities to discover your true strength.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
956. “Change should start with us and will eventually lead to a change in situation and circumstance and not the other way around.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
957. “Never look with contempt on even the smallest beginning.” — Vincent H. O'Neil｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
958. “Ish #28 "Give you child a name with meaning.” — Regina Griffin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
959. “Amidst the tranquil dawn, the sun’s gentle rays breathe life into dew-kissed leaves, a reminder that beauty awakens in subtlety.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
960. “A belief is simply a thought that seems true to YOU.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
961. “It is a fundamental mistake when companies with leadership problems, with inconsistent or exhausting management use incentives or well-being measures as a last resort instead of changing their leadership style or culture.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
962. “Your greatness is measured by your horizons.” — Michelangelo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
963. “Rainbows are a natural reminder that there is always light and beauty to be found, even amid the darkest storm.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
964. “External objects are not the ones that intertwine us. It’s the inner attachment that ties us in.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
965. “I’ll detach myself from the crowd if it hinders my growth, I’ll fall from the tree that won’t let me grow.” — Hareem Ch｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
966. “A rich person who hates the poor should not forget that they are the creations of same creator who made him rich.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
967. “As Freud said, if you don’t pay you don’t get better.” — Rick Roderick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
968. “Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your lifeH – HarassH – HamperH – HurtH – HarmH – HinderTo Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!” — Sujit Lalwani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
969. “THE END OF FAILURE IS BETTER THAN WINNING” — Hari Krishanan Nair｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
970. “Today is the day you have to start believing in yourself. No one can do it for you anymore.” — Lauren Graham "Someday Someday Maybe"｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
971. “Understanding who we are, how God created us, how we grow, and how we give those gifts back to others is core work of the spiritual entrepreneur.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
972. “Your dreams are the compass guiding you towards a life of purpose and fulfillment.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
973. “You asked why I'm tough. I'll tell you. It's because I didn't have someone to guide me, so I kept making mistakes. Nonetheless, I must walk ahead of my little brothers. That's why I'm strong.” — Gege Akutami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
974. “Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times. and carving new paths.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
975. “It is not the privilege that harms us. It is our lack of awareness of our own privilege that harms us.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
976. “You should not deny yourself a profitable life by associating with people who add no value.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
977. “Inhale positivity and exhale negativity because positivity will resolve 90% of the issue most of the times!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
978. “Problems are not so big which we think.” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
979. “No one asks how to motivate a baby. A baby naturally explores everything it can get at, unless restraining forces have already been at work. And this tendency doesn't die out, it's wiped out.” — B.F. Skinner｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
980. “It is not so much where my motivation comes from but rather how it manages to survive.” — Louise Bourgeois｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
981. “When you have done your homework and hard work then let God work on you so you become successful.” — Aiyaz Uddin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
982. “We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
983. “Tears of sadness will erase the pain of life” — Muhammad Difagama I｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
984. “Always pursue glory. Shine like the stars. Burn up with ambition. Shed your old skin. Try, try, and try again. Fail, fail, and fail again. But fail better, and one day you will not fail at all.” — David Sinclair｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
985. “They told me I can’t... They ignited my determination..” — Sally El-Akkad｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
986. “Life can't always be perfect, thats why we capture memories to look back on!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
987. “You can achieve greatness if you have big dreams and believe in yourself.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
988. “Challenges are not roadblocks; they are stepping stones on the path to greatness.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
989. “Doing the right thing is not a matter of convenience; it reflects your values and integrity.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
990. “Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.” — Miguel de Unamuno｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
991. “Motivating your team is like cooking. You need to select and blend the right quality ingredients and serve them fresh as often as you can; otherwise, your team will get hungry and grumpy.” — Cristina Imre｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
992. “Maintain your self-confidence and let your inner light shine bright, proving all your inner might and elevating you to a greater height of which you have the right.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
993. “Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
994. “Your days are numbered. Change your ways before it’s too late.” — Carrie Rubin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
995. “She wasn’t a one in a million woman, she was a once in a lifetime lady.” — Ravenwolf｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
996. “When you compete with others in life, you miss the chance to complete your own race with grace.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
997. “Let us weave the threads of conservation into the fabric of our society, ensuring a strong foundation for the future.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
998. “Still staying fervently prayerful, for I know God is forever faithful to fulfill his promises.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
999. “Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1000. “You don't go walking into the proverbial lion's den lightly. You start with a good breakfast.” — Jim Butcher｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1001. “Whoever wishes for the heavenly blessings must first learn to prevail persistently in prayer.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1002. “Set the standard! Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don't even show that to yourself.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1003. “In the realm of giving, true generosity means giving abundantly, and in taking, it’s the humility of accepting just enough.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1004. “He sometimes keeps Her off of the sky,But then She teaches Him how to fly.” — Bri Miller｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1005. “Deep courage come from knowing Christ.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1006. “Find yourself in the right spaces, go places and make the necessary changes. Life is not only about where you have been. It is also about places you should see and people you should meet.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1007. “How would your life be different if...You stopped focusing on what you didn’t want and started focusing on what you do want? Let today be the day...You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your intent.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1008. “A Master Jedi feels emotions, but they do not allow them to influence their reasoning. Yoda told Luke that he would know the good from the bad when he was 'calm, at peace.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1009. “Nothing is born into this world without labor.” — Rob Liano｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1010. “Do you know how they make the strongest sword? They hammer it flat then hold it to the fire.” — Paula Wall｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1011. “Joy is like vapour. You can't save it for later.” — Deepak Kripal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1012. “When you do your due diligence to make a difference, you will live a life of elegance.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1013. “Jedi act with confidence, move with confidence, and breathe with confidence. Jedi possess a confident calmness in their looks, attitude andbehaviour.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1014. “If you take everything to heart, happiness will deviate from your path.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1015. “Stress is a consequences of negative happenings or impact in life. But important is how to overcome it.” — Bhawna Dehariya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1016. “When you travel mentally from a low point to a high point, the ensuing inspiration eclipses the negativity of the initial downfall.” — Raoul Davis Jr.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1017. “No matter how crazy it may feel, I found that following my intuitive hunch is always my bestbet. When we are grounded, it will never steer us in the wrong direction. Acting as our guiding light and divine compass. So don't question it. Trust it.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1018. “You won’t get applause if you don’t work for a cause!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1019. “Don't let anything stop you from exploring what lies ahead and making a lasting impact that none of us could have predicted!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1020. “TOO MANY PEOPLE COUNTING ON THE GOVERNMENT” — Robert Kiyosak T｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1021. “Without information on the go; your success in any chosen field is left to chance.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1022. “The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.” — Lalah Delia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1023. “If you heal the brain, you heal the pain.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1024. “Success doesn't mean victory. If someone is successful, it is proof that he has struggled a lot, and worked very hard.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1025. “Don’t be afraid to make mistakes – just learn from them & move forward stronger than before!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1026. “Don't be worrying about no wall. Your only concern is one brick." (Will's dad)” — Will Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1027. “Everyone gets few chances in their lifetime to mess up their life. Sorted heads cruise through those muddy patches unaffected.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1028. “When the world shakes you up, stay grounded; and when the world tries to ground you, shake the world up!” — Ranjana Kamo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1029. “Be thankful for the people who have stood by you and cheered you on, but don't forget to be thankful for the ones that said it could not be done. Writing a book is no small task and even the skeptics can help you get where you want to be!” — CK Webb｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1030. “Guess what? dramatic love look will be your life after transforming Curve fat to a healthy hot sexy muscles body.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1031. “Enoughness isn’t necessarily about getting rich; it’s about the idea that God provides for our needs, and it is our responsibility to share with those who don’t have enough any abundance God has blessed us with.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1032. “Just like how countless stars did, always in the same spot you will shine brightly on your own.” — DO Kyungsoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1033. “Celebrate your success, then set your eyes on the horizon; there is so much more to do!” — Peter  Francis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1034. “To be great in any endeavor, passion is not negotiable.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1035. “Your attitude helps build the future you, learn to Improvise by learning from your previous mistakes and deciding to never walk those roads again.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1036. “Life is quite short, do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1037. “The rhythm of moving through the mountains has a way of wearing away the rough edges of the ego.” — Tommy Caldwell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1038. “Tidak ada orang yang lahir di dunia tanpa alasan, tidak ada orang yang lahir dan tidak bisa mewujudkan setidaknya satu hal, apapun itu.” — Lucia Song｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1039. “Doubt casts away the possibility of living a purposeful life. Cast it away!” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1040. “The Journey of my life wasn’t a mistake; all that I went through cumulate to make me.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1041. “Stay low grow slow, talk less do more!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1042. “Sometimes we forget about our own advantages because we focus on what we don't have. Just because you have to work a little harder at something that seems easier to others doesn't mean you're without your own talents.” — Chris Colfer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1043. “Successful people don't let fear paralyze them. They feel it, acknowledge it, and use it as motivation to keep pushing forward.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1044. “shower time, steam rising, going on a caffeine binge – it’s not the juice that juices me, it’s that taste and the rock and roll blaring evil and gorgeous in the morning darkness” — Scott C. Holstad｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1045. “It takes effort to find love.It takes effort to feel fulfilled.It takes effort to be fit.It takes effort to be happy.Which is why most of us do not have love, fulfilment, happiness or fitness in our life.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1046. “Make the most of every moment.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1047. “And once you realise that you've been me and I have been you, you'd be more understanding.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1048. “Let us leave no effort. let us give it our all we will chase our dreamlike mad men and mad women,who have the gall.” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1049. “Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1050. “Self-belief is the key to define the future, make your own path, and reach the destination of your life...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1051. “Life is too short to be defined by others' opinions of you. It's time to put your happiness first and show the world that YOU are enough.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1052. “Never apologize for who you are.” — Brajesh Kumar Singh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1053. “If we don't wind down, we'll never truly wake up.” — Tiffany Shlain｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1054. “Like a dark cloud before the pour, adversity often heralds the cleansing rain of resilience and strength.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1055. “Without meditation, how can you be motivated?” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1056. “Purpose is heartfelt, benevolent, and personally meaningful to you. It’s a state of being that you desire for yourself, yet you recognize its importance in the world, and you want it for others too.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1057. “Say goodbye to chaos and embrace purposeful organization. Make sure your plans align with your values and goals to conquer the path to success. Take charge and make every step count!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1058. “Music is all around you; all you have to do is listen to it.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1059. “When there is nobody to encourage you; learn the art of encouraging and motivating yourself. Many times you will find yourself in situations where everybody looks at you for encouragement, including yourself for that matter.” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1060. “A solution to a problem may be effective, but that doesn't mean it's the best solution” — Dr Purushothaman Kollam｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1061. “In this life, do not take things lightly all the time. Have the wisdom to discern when things are serious.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1062. “Even the most influential person in a company's workforce will not be able to permanently compensate for the deficiencies of the corporate culture demonstrated by the company's management.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1063. “Your core, lying deep within you, is what makes you what you are. Some call it the soul, the Higher Self, the true self, the being and so on. The name is unimportant once you realize that you are more than your looks and outward appearance.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1064. “Twilight is the transition period between the end of the day and the beginning of the night. A time to let go of the past and embrace the unknown.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1065. “Neatness and cleanliness is not a function of how rich or poor you are but that of mentality and principle.” — Ikechukwu Izuakor｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1066. “Common sense is more important than rights.” — Robbie J. Farha｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1067. “Greed is the source of all suffering and pain.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1068. “Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1069. “The most important step a man can take. It's not the first one, is it? It's the next one. Always the next step, Dalinar.” — Brandon Sanderson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1070. “There is a thin line between the impossible and the possible - that is determination.” — Ogwo David Emenike｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1071. “Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1072. “Every living thing in the universe can understand nature’s language.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1073. “Allow yourself to learn new things to be grow” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1074. “When you sow a seed it will grow. Somehow, someway, it will grow.” — Caleb Azumah Nelson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1075. “The clarity of purpose removes lots of nuances” — Dr. Lucas D. Shallua｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1076. “Embrace failure and use it as a chance to become even more courageous and powerful!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1077. “Doing the right things at the right timewill bring the right results.” — Srinivart｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1078. “Destiny will open the way for people who have hope, determination and will. Fate will drown people who have no intention, ambition and motivation.” — Titon Rahmawan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1079. “A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1080. “It takes a whole life to switch from imagination to visualization!” — Leena Duwadi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1081. “Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1082. “Things get done only if the data we gather can inform and inspire those in a position to make difference.” — Mike Schmoker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1083. “The answer to every challenge that the future will unfold is hidden in the present moment.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1084. “There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1085. “In a world chasing trends, find solace in the everlasting embrace of authenticity and pure happiness.” — Chintha Sai Bhargav Reddy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1086. “Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ” — William James｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1087. “We sometimes have to exercise to want to exercise.” — @Mokokoma Mokhonoana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1088. “Be optimistic! You can be the dream.” — Adeleke Aishat - Tashia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1089. “Focus sharpens the mind, paving the way to success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1090. “Nothing in life is unattainable. Don't believe the naysayers. You are the author and illustrator of your book.” — Robin S. Baker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1091. “Success requires a perfect blend of mindset and strategy.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1092. “If death should come over me, just know that I am happy to be free” — Niedria D. Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1093. “Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.” — Kamal Ravikant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1094. “ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my dreams and goals. I have zero tolerance for doubt.” — Vic Stah Milien｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1095. “The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1096. “If you want to learn about patriarchal families, you don't ask the father, you ask the mother; then maybe you will learn something.” — David Barsamian｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1097. “Acknowledge that it will require blood, sweat, and tears. Many people will tell you to only work smart. But the reality is that you have to work hard, smart, and long.” — Antonio Reza｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1098. “You have seen me fall; now see me rise.” — Abhaidev｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1099. “Life will always have highs and lows. Learn to live triumphantly, no matter what happens.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1100. “What I've realised is that each event in our lives brings us closer to who we're supposed to be and to what we're supposed to do.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1101. “They looked to each other for support, for strength, and at times, motivation, to remember why and for whom they lived.” — Sage Steadman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1102. “Words are very good, but it is actions going forward that count!” — Gordon Roddick｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1103. “Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.” — Rodolfo Costa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1104. “Entertainment is often just a cheap way to quench our natural thirst for meaning by encouraging us to exercise passivity when we ought to act with passion.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1105. “Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision, and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1106. “Our lives are entirely the result of our efforts.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1107. “Bersabar bukan hanya sebatas bertahan dalam segala rintangan. Sabar adalah tidak berbuat zalim meski mampu melakukannya.” — Sibel Eraslan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1108. “When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.” — Amaka Imani Nkosazana｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1109. “Silk threads of reflection spin from the mind entombing uncertainty; but soon you’ll emerge from your chrysalis of doubt spreading wings and sharing your beauty.” — Betsy Vail｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1110. “Magic will happen, Just distance yourself from negativity.” — Brajesh Kumar Singh｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1111. “We have come here together so that you might know, through virtue of your own pain, your own hopelessness, your own fear, your own darkness and the lie of powerlessness, the very actual power of your own will, of the will of your soul.” — Jennifer DeLucy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1112. “The distance between dreams and reality is called Fate” — Hari krishnan Nair｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1113. “The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.” — Chuck Palahniuk｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1114. “The people who really make you angry, control you!” — Steven Aitchison｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1115. “What is often requiredIs just a little courage To actually walk the road!Dead ends will always be there,But within you lights a lampWhich shall make you push and shoveAll the endings,Transforming them Into new beginnings!” — Neelam Saxena Chandra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1116. “You are a gift to humanity and meant to be shared with the world, dim your light; no more, and allow your wings to soar.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1117. “Never run from the enemy, tackle them” — Victoria Addino｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1118. “Resilience is the ability to overcome and adapt to change — embrace challenges, keep learning, and Don’t give up!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1119. “Never allow a struggle to turn your sky into a ceiling. You must believe there's always a way.” — Kristen Butler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1120. “Without initiative, the attainment of goals is uncertain.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1121. “Sometimes the hardest paths lead us to the most beautiful places.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1122. “Only by making your legacy your aim can you ensure that your essential goals, those that stir from your very essence, remain uncorrupted by a million other, lesser goals that constantly vie for your attention.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1123. “Divine assistance is working in your life right now, even if you don't see it. Your heart's desires are currently manifesting, compensating the time and effort you've been investing.” — Thabiso Makekele｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1124. “But you know... This was actually fun while it lasted. Humans, Jujutsu Sorcerers, Cursed Spirits... You're not bad compared to those I fought over the last thousand years. Stand proud. You're strong.” — Gege Akutami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1125. “Ako se danas ne boriš, sutra nemoj da plačeš.” — Anonymous｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1126. “What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1127. “You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1128. “Having both normal eyes doesn't necessarily mean ability to see. There are so many individuals with both normal eyes, such powerful potential to see... But they can't see anything.” — Tshepo Ramodisa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1129. “The time we spend here on earth is like a droplet in a pail of eternity. Yet that one droplet affects all the others in that bucket.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1130. “The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1131. “If you’re not going to go down fighting, then you don’t deserve to be here.” — Patrick Mahomes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1132. “To love is to be brave. To love is to operate in your natural state.” — Bethanee Epifani J. Bryant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1133. “It's easy to compare yourself to the people around you, but don't let that stop you from embracing the amazing gifts and talents you possess. Remember: they don't have what YOU'VE got!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1134. “Tap into ‘The Force’ and soon, at any given time that you need that extra shot of high octane confidence; you will soon be like a Jedi Master at this technique.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1135. “Forget the boundaries that have been placed around you or the beliefs you’ve been told are true, and start believing in your own limitless potential!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1136. “Yet how hard most people work for mere dust and ashes and care, taking no thought of growing in knowledge and grace, never having time to get in sight of their own ignorance.” — John Muir｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1137. “Life is truly an amazing experience.” — Asa Don Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1138. “The most beautiful glow a person can have is the light of their heart.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1139. “Are you living in the moment?” — Asa Don Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1140. “Forget perfect on the first try. In the face of frustration, your best tool is a few deep breaths, and remembering that you can do anything once you've practed two hundred times.” — Miriam Peskowitz｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1141. “The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1142. “Like a star you shine bright, like the moon you throw light, make your own luminosity so strong that no one ever dulls your life...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1143. “There are six reasons anyone does anything: Love. Faith. Greed. Boredom. Fear..." he said, ticking them off on his fingers; but he lingered on the last, drawing a deep breath before he said, "Revenge.” — Ally Carter｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1144. “Every moment is a gift; the only moment you know for sure is the present moment.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1145. “That’s what you say That I’m different And uniqueRight?Am I right?Because that is meI always fightI fight and fight and fight all day Long after everyone has left And gone awayLong after there is no play” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1146. “Inside each of us is untapped potential just waiting to be discovered. But first, you need to replace those negative voices in your head with uplifting messages of self-belief.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1147. “No any glue can join broken heart..” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1148. “Fearless is another word for self-confidence, staying fearless like a beast, and not giving up on being successful is an achievement in itself...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1149. “Let's always try to paint the truth ... our art must be made to mean something.” — E.A. Bucchianeri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1150. “Love can make the world come together Opening our hearts to the futureOnly love can make the world come together Come together, changing the weather” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1151. “Is this how we want to live our livesIs this how we want to shape our archivesAngry and bitter from moments that left us empty Forgetting why we ever thought it was a good decisionTo get stuck tied down in the wrong kind of vision” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1152. “The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.” — Saint Jerome｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1153. “A sustainable future is not an option; it is an imperative if we wish to inherit a world worth living in.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1154. “Even on the darkest of nights, a single candle can light up a room and bring hope.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1155. “It takes some time to succeed in life because true success is not just about the money, but also about the great lessons learned on the path to success.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1156. “When you label yourself a victim, you compel those around you to pay homage to your victimhood. Don’t do that.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1157. “Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The Sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus” — Alexander Graham Bell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1158. “Failure should not be a giving up point, it should give room for a restructured process” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1159. “We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness: it is always urgent, ‘here and now,’ without any postponement. Life is fired at us point-blank.” — Jose Ortegay Y. Gasset｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1160. “The fear of failing the Gods is still a fear, and fear is nothing but failure itself.” — Nabil Bhatiya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1161. “A concept appears peculiar, much like an unsolved Rubik's cube, until it is propelled by imagination and knowledge, which catalyses its transition into an invention.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1162. “Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years or decades to be alive. Yet, for them it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1163. “Considering the age and mental language of underachievers, provides a tailored approach to addressing their basic needs” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1164. “If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes “longer” is "never.” — Honoree Corder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1165. “If you want to make a difference in life, do not be terrified of change. It will position you in a higher dimension.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1166. “In life, whatever you give to your society should be more than what you receive from it.” — Swami Vivekananda｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1167. “Poetry Is Language Dancing.” — Orna Ross｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1168. “Seek out positive energy whenever possible — surround yourself with optimism and fill your days with positivity!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1169. “It is wise to plan effectively and do what is required in order to live a fruitful life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1170. “Life is a journey, and the lessons we learn along the way help us become who we are.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1171. “A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.” — Criss Jami｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1172. “The mystery of life is in this moment.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1173. “If you unable to do then avoid...” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1174. “It's okay to fall apart - those who never fall apart, never fly afar.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1175. “When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are much better than the old ones.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1176. “Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1177. “He makes a sharp maneuver, trying to hold my wrist for a better grip, but he fails.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1178. “Leading from the front is cliché. I lead from the back to push you forward or be there to catch you. I lead from the side because Im your ally and here to serve you. Leaders are accessible at all times.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1179. “My experiment about life is that what I was trying, with all my interest, now I am getting more or less success from that effort.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1180. “By being kind, you have already begun your journey to the self.” — Bhuwan Thapaliya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1181. “There's only one earth, and one glorious skyOne fleeting time, quickly passing us byTo put our differences aside, and make everything alrightFor our one human raceNo matter what tongue, creed, color or faith” — Marie Helen Abramyan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1182. “Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.” — Jim Rohn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1183. “You are capable of achieving anything! Just focus on developing yourself through personal leadership for long-lasting success.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1184. “Rock bottom can be our greatest teacher - as long as we don't stay there for too long.” — Kristen Butler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1185. “Advice is just that, advice!” — Chris W Michel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1186. “Motivation will keep you going forwards, Hesitation will only drag you backwards.” — Mouloud Benzadi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1187. “Wisdom is the ability to close your eyes and open your mouth to ask God about His plans for your life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1188. “When you get too free, they kill you because you are getting too close to the truth. (Remember and never forget, The Gun Line BOSS) in my Eddie Murphy voice” — Niedria D. Kenny｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1189. “Live life on your terms, make decisions based on facts and not on opinions, and blaze your own path.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1190. “This was her life, this was her city, these were her people, and because she loved them, she had sworn to herself a long time ago that she would do a damn good job of being who she was because she could be no one else.” — Chloe Gong｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1191. “Small acts of kindness and love rippled out and had more of an impact than they ever could have imagined.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1192. “Don't be afraid of taking risks or stepping out of your zone of comfort, because that is often when amazing things happen.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1193. “Adversities, experiences, and challenges function similarly to motivation by fueling actions, abilities, and achievements.” — Asuni LadyZeal｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1194. “Don’t give away what you stand for.. It is who you are .. So do not lose yourself” — Sally El-Akkad｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1195. “If they call you a dreamer, ignore them and keep dreaming. I know of a lad who was called that — he went on to become a governor of Egypt.” — Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1196. “Look around. You will never find another person with your exact kind of life. Your path is unique. So, make sure that your thoughts, convictions and values enable you to add value.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1197. “A bounded team can take up an idea or a vision and actualize it.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1198. “Milo's Way- A HaikuStrength sought in small steps,Like Milo's calf on shoulders,Grow with steady will.” — Amogh Swamy｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1199. “The world, which is like a mountain, echoes your words back to you. Be in love no matter where you are or what you do.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1200. “Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1201. “It is never too late to ask yourself, ‘Am I ready to make a life change?’ Is it possible for me to change from within?” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1202. “Life is like the wind; it can be gentle or fierce, but it always changes and propels us forward.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1203. “Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1204. “Remember, the talking about the thing isn't the thing. Doing the thing is the thing.” — Amy Poehler｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1205. “Your worth is not measured by your income level, job status, job title, productivity, popularity, or performance ratings.” — Robin Kirby｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1206. “We ought to preserve life with our all. It is a gift that can never be sold at any store.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1207. “Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.” — David Goggins｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1208. “When you concentrate your energy purposely on the future possibility that you aspire to realize, your energy is passed on to it and makes it attracted to you with a force stronger than the one you directed towards it.” — Stephen Richards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1209. “Nature’s cycle, a poetic reflection of life’s eternal dance.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1210. “Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1211. “A mindset is an innate disposition governing how you expect people to behave (and not behave), what you are motivated to do (and not do), and why you do what you do (and the consequence if you do not).” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1212. “Inspiration is an attempt to solve a problem with an alternative solution if not better.” — Kamal Somani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1213. “Life is too short to be miserable! Choose happiness - it might seem hard at first but I promise it's worth it. Let go of the negativity and open up to a world of possibilities.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1214. “We are solely to blame for our misery.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1215. “Celebrate the present moment and never dwell on what happened in the past if you want to enjoy life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1216. “Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1217. “Spend more time doing things that make you forget about the time.” — Charlotte Eriksson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1218. “If you are tired of doing the work.You are tired of winning.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1219. “Rule Number 1: To hell with what they think” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1220. “If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1221. “Imagination comes alive when skates scar the ice to tell fairy tales.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1222. “Sometimes people will come into your life asking for your help, only for them to put you in a mess. Help yourself by all means; do not allow anyone’s mess to leave you in distress.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1223. “Real Beauty is the Light in the Heart that Shines in the Eyes” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1224. “I am the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in life’s chasms. I am also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart, instead of sage advice thrown my way.” — Melody  Lee｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1225. “True behavior change is identity change. You might start a habit because of motivation, but the only reason you'll stick with one is that it becomes part of your identity.” — James Clear｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1226. “The Lord keeps the lamp burning continually.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1227. “Even though my analysis is inconclusive, I decide to go with my gut on this one.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1228. “Leave your excuses and live your dreams!” — Paul F. Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1229. “the future belongs to those who can change with the times and use personal disappointments as building blocks for the future.” — Robert Kiyosak T｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1230. “Without situations, no strength will be developed.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1231. “Success is not a food to be consumed by all, but for those who can pay the price, bear the risk, and dare the unbearable challenges; those who dare to surmount staring obstacles.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1232. “Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1233. “Laziness breeds entitlement” — Isiphile Petse｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1234. “And to have a purpose, to be willing to die for a cause—was that the highest form of living?” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1235. “Devotion is very necessary to achieve something big, without complete dedication towards one thing no one has ever achieved anything big in their life.” — Anuj Jasani｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1236. “Within the dimensions of an infinite dance, Lives a crowd that looks for a unique tree, It serenades hearts to join its trance,So they can swim in the beautiful blue sea” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1237. “Excellence is not about being perfect. It's about giving your best, learning from your mistakes, and helping others do the same.” — Felecia Etienne ｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1238. “Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living out fears.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1239. “In the boundless sky, the wind knows no boundaries; it flows freely, seeking solace in the embrace of nature’s mysteries.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1240. “You don’t go out looking for happiness. It comes from within, from accepting who you are and living in the present.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1241. “Many things are going to seem few if you desire many things.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1242. “The best defense against stress is a calm mind.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1243. “Be so good they can't ignore you” — Steve Martin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1244. “Gratitude and service are the best way to a happy and joyful life.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1245. “Leadership is not only about guiding those who are struggling, but also motivating those who have already achieved success to strive for more.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1246. “Don’t allow your mind to tell your heart what to do. The mind gives up easily.” — Paulo Coelho｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1247. “You can do anything if you put your mind into it” — Jeremy Mcgilvery｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1248. “There are endless opportunities in life; do not miss out. Be smart and put yourself to the task of looking them up.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1249. “Leading is about people and their wellbeing the first foundation to the organisations wellbeing.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1250. “Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.” — idowu koyenikan｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1251. “Fear isn't a roadblock; it's a signpost pointing toward growth.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1252. “We must look within ourselves in order to look beyond ourselves.” — Anna Moore Bradfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1253. “You can make a difference even with your silence. Life is not always about making unnecessary noise. What matters is what you do to make a difference.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1254. “Sometimes life will make you smile, and other times it will make you frown. Life has its ups and downs. Yours is to make every day count.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1255. “Step into a mistry world of believing and trust in you before you blame other people.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1256. “Allow yourself to forge friendships with those who seize your presence in , instead of sizing it up.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1257. “The greatest failure in life is not trying at all. Dare to chase your dreams.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1258. “By accepting that no two perceptions in the world could ever be identical, we can avoid so many arguments, debates, fights, lives, and relationships every day.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1259. “If you're facing the worst, then your back is certainly towards the best. All that remains is for you to decide whether or not to make that 180-degree turn that will surely bring a sharp contrast to your life.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1260. “Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1261. “Whatever be your burden, bring them to the Lord through an earnest plead in prayer.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1262. “I was determined to move forward.” — Yann Martel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1263. “Each man should be free to fight for his own salvation.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1264. “The blessing of the day is to wake up and start working on your goals as planned.” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1265. “Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1266. “As long as you keep moving, it doesn't matter how slowly you go.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1267. “Swap out burnout for inner balance by embracing daily rituals that support sustainable success with ease.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1268. “Tears of sadness will erase the pain of life.” — Muhammad Difagama I｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1269. “What students need to do, is “learn to think, learn to speak, learn to write, and find something that they are excited about. If they can do that, they’re going to do well.” — Bob Hebner｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1270. “Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1271. “Once to live, once to die; while you're living, live a memorable life.” — Lydia Simms｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1272. “Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.” — Rodolfo Costa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1273. “Acceptance makes an incredible fertile soil for the seeds of change.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1274. “Life will grant you the opportunity to pursue your purpose. Be well-informed, seek wisdom and ensure that whatever you do is purpose-aligned.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1275. “If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual.” — Bobby J Mattingly｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1276. “Life calls us to where we need to be, and not where we want to be. It's that simple.” — Mitta Xinindlu｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1277. “Change is imminent in life because yesterday will never be the same as today or tomorrow. So be ready to handle each day as it comes.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1278. “Intent not followed by action is an insult to your design. Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1279. “A lazy man often lacks the motivation to fight the very thing that has sapped him of his motivation.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1280. “The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.” — - Ralph Waldo Emerson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1281. “Only believe, you shall behold.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1282. “What else ignites the blaze of miracles but the flame of dance?” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1283. “Time, through it's unavoidable accumulation clogs our painful memories provided there are no regrets to oppose this process.” — Dr. Anhad Kaur Suri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1284. “Life is a temporary trip through this world, so do not live as if you are a permanent resident.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1285. “We are all messed up creatures trying to find our way through life.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1286. “Success is not only dependent on understanding your own skill-set. It’s also important to recognize the talents of others and know how to profit from them.” — Raoul Davis Jr.｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1287. “The One who gave you the gift of life knows that you are good enough. Do not ever doubt what you carry on the inside. Live the rest of your life maximizing your potential.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1288. “Working as a team only allows you to achieve set goals but if you surround yourself with the right companions, you ought to achieve much more...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1289. “May the Maker extend his mercies to all mankind.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1290. “You and your reality are ONE. When YOU change, everything changes.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1291. “A life of happiness requires you to get rid of any form of bitterness.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1292. “Mind is the sentient seed of all time and tide, yet we hide like roaches behind fate's fake hide.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1293. “Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing those situations do not last forever. So, no matter how hard life gets, you can always bounce back.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1294. “Purpose is our fuel.We constantly need to fill our tanks with this.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1295. “The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1296. “Every minute doing one thing is a minute not doing something else. Every choice is another choice not made another path grown over lost.” — Jerry Weintraub｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1297. “Your mind is a garden filled with beautiful ideas. Make time to nurture them.” — Jackie McShannon｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1298. “Darling, buoys can't confine the sea.” — Djura Kelj｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1299. “When nighttime comes, it becomes dark—such is life. There won’t be sunshine all the time, learn to live with that.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1300. “Dreams are like stars; they may appear distant, but they shine brightest when the night is darkest.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1301. “If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1302. “Developing good habits and building upon them is crucial for making sustainable progress. The key is to stay consistent with your routine!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1303. “You can'tstop dreamingjust becausethe night neverseems toend.” — Curtis Tyrone Jones｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1304. “Tap into the power of time clarity. Just set a timer, track your progress, and see firsthand how you can achieve greatness in short bursts of productivity.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1305. “Practice self-care to maintain high levels of energy & motivation throughout the day!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1306. “Search for contentment in each person you meet.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1307. “Every sunrise is an invitation for us to arise and brighten someone’s day.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1308. “Taking time for yourself doesn't have to be hard or expensive - whether it's treating yourself to something small or dedicating an afternoon to relax, taking some time for self-care can make all the difference in your life.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1309. “Life is too short to live in fear. Take risks, embrace change, and live fully.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1310. “Those who practice it can’t get enough, whose expressions are countless; what else but dance?” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1311. “I’ve learnt only one thing in my life-Never to let the quest culminate At the railing of the skies-There’s a world beyond!” — Neelam Saxena Chandra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1312. “Whatever you do, do something positive.” — Dave Pelzer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1313. “Imagine, Envision, & Create the World You want to See. The Future is Ours.” — Affinity Soul｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1314. “The greatest test you will ever face is mastering yourself.” — Nitesh Verma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1315. “Never allow sadness to engulf your life. Learn to live a life of happiness.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1316. “যে বিজ্ঞান স্রষ্টার তৈরি প্রকৃতির সব রহস্য ভেদ করতে অক্ষম, তাকে বাটখারা বানিয়ে সেই প্রকৃতির স্রষ্টাকে জাস্টিফাই করাটা কি নিছক ছেলে মানুষি নয়?” — Arif Azad｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1317. “You don't have to get it perfect, you just have to get it going. Babies don't walk the first time they try, but eventually they get it right” — Jack Canfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1318. “The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1319. “Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1320. “To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1321. “Perfection does not exist -- you can always do better and you can always grow.” — Les Brown｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1322. “Success is not measured by wealth or fame, but by the positive impact you make on others.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1323. “Dance elevates the calm and drowns the chaos.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1324. “When hope disappears, depression sets in.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1325. “Time management is about making choices: what do you prioritize and why? Being aware of your finite time and consciously deciding how to spend it will give you control, clarity, and peace of mind.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1326. “We will all be average in some things, above average in others, and below average in still others. But to aspire to be average is another thing entirely.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1327. “Even a king must submit to great art.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1328. “Letting go of thoughts that no longer serve you will increase your inner peace.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1329. “There is no positive energy like praying.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1330. “Never let the tragedies of life transform you into a human tragedy.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1331. “My highest achievement in life will be inner peace.” — Linda Rawson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1332. “Life is a crash test.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1333. “The bank of knowledge is a sure bank of success; for it can birth any imagined good endeavor.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1334. “Embrace your desires and strive for greatness, but do so with grace and ease. Be kind to yourself, and understand that setbacks are a natural part of any journey.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1335. “Heart, brain and backbone,if you have these three,you have everything to succeed.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1336. “Take a discovery walk today to find what's missing in your life. There's peace in the whisper of the wind, hope in the sun smiling from behind clouds, strength in every step forward. You can do it!” — Toni Sorenson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1337. “Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1338. “Silence is the new loud, and authenticity our battle cry.” — Sara Yahia｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1339. “When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins. At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened.” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1340. “The empty glass is filled with air; Just change the perspective, everything will change.” — Jignesh Ahalgama｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1341. “Don't let anyone drag you down with their words! You have the power and confidence within yourself to rise above any negativity, and you deserve to be seen for who and what you truly are.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1342. “Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make today worth remembering.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1343. “Nothing perishes... nothing dies.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1344. “Effective leadership requires both vision and action. It's about setting clear goals and creating habits to achieve them.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1345. “Cyclones and floods carve tales of destruction, yet within the debris lies the indomitable spirit of humanity, rebuilding and rising, a symphony of hope echoing through the ruins.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1346. “When you think a positive thought, you become positive.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1347. “Using less time to produce more is intelligent, then why do intelligent people choose to multitask?” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1348. “He comes closer and embraces me, which soon turns into a lingering bear hug.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1349. “You are sanity, you are sentience,You are the lifeforce of destiny.You are conscience, you are concord,You are the end of animosity.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1350. “If your arteries are good, eat more ice cream. If they are bad, drink more red wine. Proceed thusly.” — Sandra Byrd｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1351. “Anything anyone says about me is invalid and not approved by me. Only what I say about myself is true.” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1352. “Coffee beans and water come together to create aroma. Brewing great ideas too needs minds with a different perspective to come together.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1353. “How to win in life:1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow5 don't let people tell you it cant be done6 make no excuses” — Germany Kent｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1354. “I’ve been saving my thoughts for years, bound by the promise of a vast array of alternatives, only to find out my subservience is doomed to last forever, because my future is being forced to follow a path drawn by them.” — Rapha Ram｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1355. “If you are going to be successful, you need to give up the phrase, "I can't" & all of its cousins, such as "I wish I were able to.” — Jack Canfield｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1356. “I’ve come to learn that pain is inevitable in this world, but suffering is optional.” — Helen Klein Ross｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1357. “Think of thinking.” — Ryan R Benton｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1358. “Coz Black...is Beautiful!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1359. “Successful management of the company's evolution and transformation is the core task of entrepreneurs. But it is also one of the greatest weaknesses in many places.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1360. “See it first in your mind, then become it.” — Steve Backley｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1361. “The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn't know about yourself.” — Shannon L. Alder｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1362. “Do not get it twisted. Life will always have twists and turns. One way or another, your turn to celebrate or cry will come. Either way, live a joyful life!” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1363. “Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1364. “All of our thoughts, words, and deeds flow from a chain of 'cause and effect'.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1365. “Never lose faith and God will reward you” — Tamella Sherrell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1366. “Being motivated and inspired spiritual body size and physical fitness will be easy piece.” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1367. “You will understand the true meaning of a friend in time of need.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1368. “You may be the most beautiful woman on planet earth, but I will not change my principles for you.” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1369. “Since love is the fundamental energy of the universe, aiming to expand love grows us—not just ourselves personally, but everyone and everything around us.” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1370. “Sustainable success isn't a one-time achievement, it's a lifelong journey of intentional action and growth towards a fulfilling life.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1371. “Live your dreams. Breathe your dreams. Never give up on your dreams.” — Avijeet Das｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1372. “It not fashion make you feel good,it style you have.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1373. “Take a deep dive into nature. You will see everything around you colourful.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1374. “You can’t conjure up moments of clarity at will, but you can make a habit of quieting yourself and giving them the opportunity to occur.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1375. “Don't be fooled by the noise, don't let the crowd define who you are. Strength comes from within – knowing you can navigate through life's uncertainties and standing strong even when it feels like everything is against you.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1376. “Don’t tell me about your god with your words. Show me about your god with your actions.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1377. “Coz Yolande means Purple and I'm loving it!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1378. “While destination see far away, Then see in telescope and keep moving” — P k｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1379. “Does all Curve people struggle or experience stress about it?I don't think so, search here for yourself” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1380. “How do you validate ideas whose links to the past do not exist?” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1381. “When you have an understanding of how things work, you will know better how to work things out” — Eddy Ohwofasa｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1382. “Circumstances vary; self-kindness does not. It is a constant.” — David R. Edwards｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1383. “Our minds control us; we do not control our minds.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1384. “Depend not on human beings because they change time and again. People who were once close can become estranged. That is the strange thing about life, it changes right in front of your eyes.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1385. “Pain los[es] its power when other things bec[o]me more important.” — Brandon Sanderson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1386. “You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1387. “Each sunrise offers a new canvas, blank and brimming with potential.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1388. “You don't control your results. You always control your inputs.” — Ankur Warikoo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1389. “Start small and keep going.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1390. “There is no real world, just the one you create.” — Jolene Stockman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1391. “Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.” — Roy T. Bennett｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1392. “Someday you are the guitarist; someday you are the guitar.” — Vikrmn: CA Vikram Verma｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1393. “When you give up, you close the door on opportunities you may not have realised existed.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1394. “And, if you want it, it's all yours.” — Nick Oliveri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1395. “When someone compromises your mindset principle, your “Grr!” reflex automatically kicks in. Just like your physiological reflexes, this psychological reflex serves and protects by safeguarding a virtue of humanity.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1396. “Dear me, one day I'll make you proud.” — Charlotte Eriksson｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1397. “Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it’s when you put it down and live your life that you get to know the author.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1398. “Freedom will be within grasp when you take a chance and dance.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1399. “If you ever feel helpless... go and help someone. Yes, you! Just go...” — Lasse Pedersen｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1400. “Whoever is motivated can do great things.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1401. “How would your life be different if...You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day...You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1402. “Don't confuse being kind and being played this is life not the game you must know the different before you regret.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1403. “I achieved nothing great without passion and enthusiasm. It is the fuel that ignites the fire within us, propelling us forward in pursuit of our dreams and goals.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1404. “Divided was man, but the thread of dance united us as one truth.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1405. “Thr Maker made all men.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1406. “Emotion is usually the reason, logic is often the excuse.” — Aegelis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1407. “I am not this skin, this flesh, this bone, this hair, or this other physical component; rather, I am the soul that resides there.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1408. “All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1409. “Who could you be if you didn’t know who you were?” — Sheri A. Smith｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1410. “Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1411. “A bee will sting but still make honey. A rose will prick, but have a good scent. Life is like that, there will always be bad and good aspects. Yours is to focus on what is more important.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1412. “What we do in solitude defines us.” — RESHMA CHEKNATH UMESH｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1413. “Life will sometimes force you to sail through uncharted waters. Always use to your advantage, such life-changing encounters.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1414. “The higher you fly; the higher they look up to you, fly up for their sake.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1415. “The more you focus on others' flaws, the more you lose sight of your own strengths.The more you focus on your own strengths, the more likely you are to inspire others to do the same.” — Srinivas Mishra｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1416. “You are the ink, pen and paper, your life is your own decision.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1417. “Be a worthy worker and work will come.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1418. “Writer’s block results from too much head. Cut off your head. Pegasus, poetry, was born of Medusa when her head was cut off. You have to be reckless when writing. Be as crazy as your conscience allows.” — Joseph Campbell｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1419. “Motivation gets you going; Inspiration keeps you going.” — Todd Stocker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1420. “We do not observe reality, we observe our REACTIONS to it.In other words:Reality is, in essence, neutral. YOU give it meaning.” — Gordana Biernat｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1421. “A dumb idea isn't dumb if it works so you might as well just try it out” — Günther Schepp Larenas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1422. “Outstanding people are those who choose to stand up regardless of the setbacks in life.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1423. “Be the first when no one comes, be the last when all are gone.” — Abhijit Naskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1424. “The best Gift is to realize how blessed you already are” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1425. “Some opportunities take time. Don't give up. Be patient, stay positive and watch them unfold. The best feeling in the world is getting paid to do what you love!” — Carline Beaubrun｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1426. “Simplify to amplify. Streamlining your systems is like decluttering your mind; it frees up mental real estate, enhances focus, and unleashes your full potential. So, ditch the complexity, embrace simplicity, and watch your performance skyrocket.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1427. “Embody what you most want to impart, and keep your mouth shut.” — Jon Kabat-Zinn｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1428. “Plan your dream but focus on your goals!” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1429. “Every inventive dream conjured today illuminates the possible pathways of tomorrow.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1430. “If people just took it a day at a time, they'd be a lot happier.” — Richard Bachman｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1431. “Go as far as you can see and you will see further.” — Zig Ziglar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1432. “Don't live on the comments of people but on the truths of God.” — Todd Stocker｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1433. “We were never meant to be like each other. Instead, we’re perfectly designed to complement one another.” — Karen Whitten｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1434. “The greatest obstacles to an entrepreneur’s good intentions for long-term behavioural change are the many attractive short-term business opportunities that arise.” — Sandy Pfund | The Enterneer｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1435. “No amount of wealth is worth your life. Never sell your soul in exchange for a fat cheque. Remember that you can only enjoy that wealth when you are alive.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1436. “Our behaviour should correspond to our thoughts and actions.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1437. “When things fall apart after you have done your best, it does not mean you are a failure. Cherish your life, and let no one make you feel inferior. It only means things did not go according to plan, but you can still do better.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1438. “Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.” — Amit Kalantri｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1439. “Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.” — Steve Maraboli｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1440. “When you're given the opportunity to change your life, be ready to do whatever it takes to make it happen. The world doesn't give you things. You take things.” — Taylor Jenkins Reid｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1441. “Start to finish and quite to fail” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1442. “People with a strong sense of purpose, persistence and accomplishment perform better at work.” — Vishal D Baraiya｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1443. “When it comes to success, it’s not just what you do and how hard you work - it's also about taking care of yourself!” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1444. “The best philosophy is to live in the present moment while planning for the future and learning from the past.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1445. “shit´s already broken so you might as well just try to fix it, and if you can´t at least know you know how to take it apart” — Günther Schepp Larenas｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1446. “Life is like a garden. Nurture it and plant the right seeds so they can bear good fruits. Do not let anyone plant the wrong seeds in your life because you will harvest them.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1447. “When people reject you God welcome you, which you prefer?” — Nozipho N.Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1448. “Your life is one giant, continuous sacrifice being poured out on the altar of your choosing, moment by moment and day by day.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1449. “Do not apologize for having standards” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1450. “Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!” — Dewayne Owens｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1451. “Be the person who fearlessly takes calculated risks, shapes success through daily habits, and embodies the true power of growth.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1452. “A faithful God gives hope to face unknown future.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1453. “Wrong assumptions occur from limited knowledge. A person should have a complete view before shaping an opinion about someone or something...” — Maria Karvouni｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1454. “It is far better to fail while trying new things than to succeed doing nothing.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1455. “You can only realize the splendour of life if you are willing to fulfil your purpose while you still have time.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1456. “Glossy lips must pour good words not hurful words.” — Nozipho N. Maphumulo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1457. “Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1458. “There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and Shepherds. Cowboys drive and Shepherds lead.” — John Paul Warren｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1459. “Are your actions making a difference to this world? If not then align your actions to improve people's lives.” — Chandan Negi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1460. “Leadership is an ongoing journey — have courage, stay humble, and always strive to be the best version of yourself” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1461. “Trust your passion, identify your dreams, and find the courage to share them with others, no matter how many times they call you a fool.” — Bill Strickland｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1462. “Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1463. “If my family is the price of my success, then I am grateful to have had so little of it.” — Shawn Davis｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1464. “Self-believing and self-realization will help you become stronger mentally and will guide you to take proper decisions in your life...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1465. “Your dreams have no expiration date. Chase them relentlessly, believe in yourself, and watch as they become your reality.” — Pep Talk Radio｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1466. “My smile is big and speaks of love I carry it around like a silky glove When you turn and look at me What do you see, what do you see” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1467. “Not everyone was given a chance to be alive today. So, find happiness, enjoy your life and make a difference.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1468. “The Qur’an was not a book per se or any other kind of physical object, but rather an unfolding experience—its own unique category of living being.” — Mohamad Jebara｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1469. “Very few people try to know themselver. And those who have been able to know themselves even a little. That peoples great. The whole world knows him.” — Vishesh Panthi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1470. “Still trust in God, even if the going gets tough.” — Lailah Gifty Akita｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1471. “Whoever does not comprehend your silence likely will not comprehend what you say.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1472. “The journey of life is travelled by many, but only a few run in their lane because more people focus on what others are doing and where others are going instead of paying more attention to their own destinies.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1473. “You don't get time.You create time.” — Sanhita Baruah｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1474. “If love does not arrive, sing and dance with melodies by your side.” — Shah Asad Rizvi｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1475. “Time is a human invention,You can slow down or you can speed it up.” — Kaniskar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1476. “Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.” — Danielle Pierre｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1477. “Barriers only enjoy the power we WILL to it, the moment you decide to withdraw the power, you will surely become a free man.” — Daniel ANIKOR｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1478. “Your understanding of life will deepen as you spend more time in nature.” — Shree Shambav｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1479. “Accepting yourself and believing in yourself is one of the most important habits when it comes to success! Embrace your uniqueness, and never forget how capable, strong, and powerful you are.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1480. “Obstacles are opportunities in disguise. Stay motivated, stay productive, and hold yourself accountable for your success. With every challenge, you grow stronger and closer to your goals.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1481. “Success is not just about hard work, it's about working smart. So, take a break from the grind and strategize like a pro.” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1482. “To believe in miracles in one thing...to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another.” — Michelle D. Rosado｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1483. “Your discipline will take you places your motivation won't and your obsession will take you places your discipline can't.” — Mohsin｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1484. “Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.” — Pablo｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1485. “Build walls of self-esteem and self-confidence in order to make sure the Vibes are just the ones you really wanna feel...” — RJ Yolande Mendes｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1486. “Success is always relative; in isolation, everyone is a winner.” — Sukant Ratnakar｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1487. “If you're not driving business growth and profitability, then you might as well be a houseplant. So get out there and make some money, honey!” — Shubham Shukla｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1488. “If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.” — Sheryl Sandberg｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1489. “Always have your internal tiara on and have a queendom mindset. Your castle which is your mind, body and soul is a no negativity zone.” — Janna Cachola｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1490. “If you are paying someone to motivate you (seriously), you should rather pay to a psychiatrist.” — Anupam S Shlok｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1491. “As my journey continues, I leave nothing good behind. I carry it all with me.” — Bethanee Epifani J. Bryant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1492. “We all have a story to tell. Stories of how we survived this or that. Some are more dramatic than others but what a great story to tell. This is how I survived that!” — Chris W Michel｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1493. “Don’t blame me for your mediocrity it’s not my fault you lack integrity” — Aida Mandic｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1494. “If people can choose against GOD thier CREATOR don't think they won't choose against you.” — Thabang Kanti｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1495. “Each of us has a meaning, because our decisions influence others through the world.” — Sebastián Wortys｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1496. “No one has their life together, even if they do, it will not be forever. At some point in time, life happens to everyone.” — Gift Gugu Mona｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1497. “Success is not dependent on luck - it starts with personal leadership and the power of intention.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1498. “It's hard to stay committed when our heart isn't in it.” — Deborah Day｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1499. “When our commitment is wavering, the best way to stay on track is to consider the progress we've already made. As we recognize what we've invested and attained, it seems like a waste to give up, and our confidence and commitment surge.” — Adam M. Grant｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
1500. “Fear can be a powerful emotion and it's easy to let it direct your decisions. But, no matter what you choose, remember that YOU are always in control of your destiny. Don't be afraid to be bold and brave - life is whatever you make it.” — Felecia Etienne｜来源：asuender/motivational-quotes（Hugging Face）
